Hi everyone , morning , afternoon , evening. So today we are not in the boat anymore. We are in the city of Abdul. And we are right in front of the Temple of Set to the First , the Temple of Abdul.

And behind is the Temple of Barbarian. So for those who does n't know , this is one of the places where you can really touch an Atlanta Temple , the Stiri Temple , named like that because of the God of Series. It 's one of those temples where you can really be in Atlanta Temple. So you 're not usually allowed to go there just to see it if you ask for it unless you go on a private visit.

So that 's why tomorrow we go on private early in the morning. So this temple is also really special. I should say for those who does n't know here is where you can find the flower of life. The famous flower of life was done here.

And it 's really amazing because now when you see it , you can tell that it was done by a laser. And it 's the most ancient place where you can find the flower of life. And it 's not only one flower of life , there are like 16 of them , but there 's only one that you can see the best. So yes , that 's why this place is so special.

And also for me for myself is really special. It 's about this place because in that time , in Atlanta Temple , we used to certain women , we used to come to this place to give birth. And so according to my memories , here was the place where I give birth to my two kids in that time. So let 's begin with our topic for today , which is related to the physical , to the niece in the physical week , in the physical week of the month of the crisis.

So of course related to the niece , we 're going to talk about humility. Okay. Come on , let 's come on. Okay.

So in our cultures , for sure , when you listen the word , here they tell me that humility is good to say to. So when we speak about the concept of , the fact that we 're going to be able to do this , we 're going to be able to do this , and we 're going to be able to do this , and we 're going to be able to do this , and we 're going to be able to do this , and we 're going to be able to do this , so when we speak about the concept of being humble , of humility , we usually relate this with being poor , like being poor in many senses. So we usually say that someone is humble , has humility when , when does n't have material things , when that person does n't show everything of itself , when it 's quiet , when it 's shut up , and so this concepts of not showing yourself , and not having things , that 's the concept that we have usually in our culture , regarding humility. And we are pushed to be like this , somehow in our cultures.

So let 's try to understand what is humility , what is humility , according to pieces , and let 's go to take some myths about this. There was once in this path that we spoke about humility , but regarding another topic , another thing. So let 's talk specifically about this now. So let 's go to understand the origin of what is humility.

Humility has the same root as human , of course. So where human comes from , from the word , the Latin word , human , human means wet land , wet soil. The origin of the word is humility. So humility , human humility has the same etymology , wet land.

And this is because , in the history , we describe humans as the people that came from earth and water. So that 's why we are the humans , the people from the wet lands. I explained that in another moment. So the quality of be a person that comes from the wet land , is called humility.

So basically , when we are speaking about humility , is to , when we say , when we describe the attribute of being a person from earth. So an earth being. So humility was kind of describing the attributes or the ability of this being to live in harmony with the rest of the world , with the nature. In the moment when humans stop living in forest , and we started to be nomads , searching for new food , for new lands to take food from water and so on.

We had to adapt to many different geographies. So it was so difficult to know what we were doing. So it was so difficult to know where we were heading to , that we had to start to look for the only things that are always there. And that was the stars , the sun , and the moon.

So when we started to become nomads , we stopped looking into the nature exactly , and we started to watch the skies to see the stars. So this concept of being nomads following the stars , created the idea that the stars are guiding our lives. So the wise people that were guiding us through life , and they were dead. Suddenly they said their spirits are guiding us exactly the stars.

So in that moment is when we started to believe that the souls of the people were to the heavens , to the stars , to the stars , and they were guiding us like the stars used to do. So this nomads people that started to walk around the planet , and started to look into the skies more than the ground , they started to see how the stars , the bright , the bright things in the heavens , were guiding us every day. So we created the idea that that was the good thing to follow. So we created the images of the holy , the things that are bright in this sky.

What was the interupient language that worked for brightness? It was G. O. G. O. It 's day , day , it 's D. O. D. O. The unity , and from that we have the words , Latin words like D. O. s , views , which is God.

So in this way we created God 's because of the things that were bright in this sky. But we started to believe that in order to follow those gods in the sky , we need to leave the earth. So some traditions used to believe that the gods created all this , in order for us their kids to enjoy this reality this life. And for other traditions the gods were punishing us because of our mistakes.

And they sent us here to leave because we suffer here. The people that used to believe that this reality was made for by the gods for us to enjoy life , they were much more democratic , politics , Republicans. They started to create this system of society in which every island or every region had its own gods. And they had this differences , but they share ideas , they created the parliament , they created this places to share ideas and thoughts like the public squares and so on.

So that was the structure of that society that used to believe in many gods. So the people that believed that the gods punished us by with the idea of being here in this life , they thought in God with the image of the father that punished his kids because they did something wrong. So because of this they were much more monotestic and they believed in only one god , the father that was punishing everyone for doing wrong things. And because of this idea of only one god , they also needed the image of only one father.

So they created imperialism and outer key. So only one guy that rolled over the rest like gods. So a king , a president , and those images that are pyramidal to control the rest of the people that are the kids. So what happened , that is really much more easy to run and outarchy and higher than a democratic republic.

So the reason , so because in an outarchy and an empire is much more easy to solve a problem by only one person. And in the democracy is so difficult because many people has to agree and it takes time for that. So a lot of people because being a threat , they decided to be part of an empire. So one person can defend everyone and take decisions for everyone.

This made that the monotestic religions were much more useful for the outarchy empires. So this system , so this systems of monotestic and like Islam , like the Christianity , the Judaism , were religions that were taken by the empires because it was easier to control a system. So that 's why they were trying to use this in Europe , in Asia , in Africa , and then by the colonialism , it is spread into the rest of the world in America , Australia , Asia and so on. So the Yosemocracy of the religions , the monotestic religions , were really useful for the systems to create a planetary government and much more easy to run.

Because of this spread of the monotism , the ideas of the humility according to the humanistic point of view , they were left behind. And the humility from the point of view of humiliation was taken as a system. Those are the two paths that humanity would have taken. The first one , humility from humanism , which is the idea that we have to enjoy the life of the creation.

And the other one , the humility of humiliation is the one that says , life is not to enjoy. You have to do a hard work in order to survive , so on your knees on the ground. Of course , that for empire is much more easier to use the system of humiliation than the system of humanism. Take the ideas of the Christianity in order to politically take control over Europe in one system.

So that 's why all the cultures that came from the Mediterranean cultures in the past. We usually have this idea of humility being humiliation and humiliation. Remember , is the word to put your knees on the ground and to be under the control of others. So , usually when we speak about humility today , we usually refer to the idea of humility according to the Christianity , in which this philosophy is to say that to be humble , you need to be poor , not to have things.

And trying not to show up a lot of what you have within to mark a difference between the people. So actually the idea of humility from this point of view is to not to awaken the potential of each one of the persons. So everyone can be very low thinking exactly the same and much more easy to be controlled in the system. So let 's go to what is the humanistic humility.

So the humanistic humility is not only to , well , it 's to recognize that we are humans. Actually , this is the first step to recognize that we are humans that humanity is an aspect of this reality that we are part of. We are part of this reality that we have to love this reality and that this is our own creation that we have our own divinity inside. And that we have to respect the divinity of others.

So , humility is to respect the divinity in everything that is here in life. And in the universe , the entire creation is not to say that the divinity is only in the sky , but the divinity is here everywhere. So by humility is accepting that the trees , the plants , the animals , the stones , everyone has something to teach me. Everyone has something to give to me to understand the , to understand the world.

So actually to be humble to work with humility is to take aside into the earth and understand that I have something to learn from everyone in this reality from everything. From everything that exists here that I can learn much more from an insect maybe than from a master that I have greater things to learn from the nature than from the things in this sky. So to be humble and connected to the humility in the humanistic point of view is to remember that the divinity is not up there in the heavens and we have to leave the ground the earth in order to reach the divinity. To be humble with this idea is basically to remember that the earth is also levitating in between the stars and from the point of view from other planets and other stars we also shine in the sky.

So to be humble remember humility is not related to not having things or to be less than others is about to recognize that you have your own divinity being human in this earth and that you can and and that you must accept the divinity in others when you accept that truth in others and you are able to learn from others. Not expecting that learning from someone that is wiser but being open to learn from anything everything that maybe as I said is just an insect. So sometimes when we use this concept of humility we kind of judge the others by saying if that person is humble or not. So by trying to reach people that is humble we are not being humble judging the ability of being humble of others.

And actually this happens because as I said humility is about accepting the brightest of others as you shine yourself. So when you are. When the shine of others are bothering you usually. It 's because you do n't realize of your own brightness and you start to judge the brightest of others.

And that that creates the concept that the conflict sorry of of your own humility. Remember that. Humility is to. Learn about the brightest brightness of the others to learn to shine with others.

So as I was saying humility is not about looking to this guys to follow the brightness of the stars is to recognize. How you and the things of this world can shine to. And. And discover that the ability here.

So remember humility is. Earth to come back to earth. And that would be the basis for the humanism. The vibration for today is.

To the statement is I am the manifested history. The code for today is Capricorn. When all the answers are found it 's the moment for. Come , come , confinement and materializing new truth.

The stellar winter come came. And the goat is heading to the cave to lock up. And to lock up. In its sacred space of loneliness where it will process everything learned.

On its journeys , where we 'll write its books. Leave its legacies and recessed. It 's. Thoughts over and over again until making them prettyable.

And absolute ol ' call on earth. It 's a pragmatic. Barely spirit that wo n't stop until achieving the best version of itself. So it 's comfortable to close your eyes.

Constantly creating the breathing. Heat So Take a deep breath and start to massage slowly. Each part of your body , come your feet to your head , becoming aware of each part of your body. I feel the feet , the legs.

I feel the feet , the legs. Jenny toes , deep waist and back. Chest , hands , arms and shoulders. Face and head.

Softly bring my hands to my knees. Start to carry softly , bringing all this energy to your knees. I become aware and remember that here in my knees , there are many gestures. The pain that may be here is all of it is here.

I become aware that I would n't be able to be here today if it is not because every action I understand the tension , motion and belief of my ancestors. I recognize that in every act , every emotion and every thought , I am honoring my ancestors. I connect with the image of my parents , my grandparents , the fathers and mothers of my parents. I keep looking way far away in the past for every generation , back in time , to all of them through every country , through the session , culture and I allow myself to feel how they come to me.

I keep going backwards , featuring the homicide , the aids , all the mammals , repetitions , had here multiple access to living beings , Seven Girls , To , Harv , Surprise , albums and and you need cellular organisms. I picture all the history of my ancestors till the very end , till the very beginning. Take a deep breath , and I recognize the side take a deep breath that I am the result here and now. Because of everything , all that I have learned from each one of them in the past.

The greatest action of humility is to honor each and every one of the beings that taught me something to be who I am. Here and now , my body is their temple. I am the earth. I am human.

And I honor to be a human. I take a deep breath and I express my singing towards all of them in the future for them to have this humility. I am the earth. I am the earth.

I am the earth. I am the earth. I am the manifesto history. I am the manifesto history.

I am the manifesto history. I believe in the world. I believe in the world. Take a deep breath and softly you begin to bring this consciousness all around your body , stretching , and warning.

Thank you everybody for being here as always. I have no idea what time. Thank you and see you tomorrow.