Hello , with morning , good afternoon , evening. Today we are connected to the heart chara and we begin with another Trinity which is the Trinity of water. So let 's begin with the info for this Trinity , where we are located. To begin with this Trinity of the water , let 's remember that we are speaking about the Trinity which are the Trinity of there 's a spirit , a soul and a body which is the mental aspect , the emotional aspect and the physical aspect which in the Trinity of water related to the the sodium signs we will have the spiritual in pieces , the emotional in cancer and the physical in scorpion.

So in this Trinity of the water we will relate that pieces is the water , is the water that are spread wide like an ocean opened and holding everything. Then cancer would be like the groups of water , the flows of water that creates links in between the different groups of water. And scorpion would be the aspect of the water of the ones that are locked and there are very deep. So as we have been saying this past days , when we spoke about Aquarium , we said that Aquarium is this great mind , is connected to the mentality , the locked mentality and is spread and wide and free expanding in the whole universe.

This expansion of the universe in the air in the atmosphere is free , is able to think to manifest by the mind to create ideas , thoughts. That 's what Aquarium means is the mind of God , the mind of the universe. So basically it 's creating all this thoughts and ideas that are free and expanded in the idea of the atmosphere. But then in there comes the moment in which this huge mind that expanded the universe needs to feel that expansion , needs to transform the idea of the mind into feeling , into receiving.

And that is pieces , pieces is the divine aspect that holds the expansion in one , connecting everything that was expanded. That 's why in the image of Aquarium we see the atmosphere as something open and expanded in the cosmos and in the aspect of pieces we see the ocean , the one that is holding everything. We could say that Aquarium is like this clouds in the atmosphere that allows the rain to purge on the oceans and that water of the rain becomes the ocean itself , which is that pieces. So we could say that Aquarium is the mind of this universe that expands like the air towards the cosmos and pieces is like the ocean that holds that things that were expanded.

So in the difference of Aquarium and the air which everything is connected by but expanded free from each other , pieces is different pieces is like this ocean where you go , you dive in and you feel every movement of everything that we have around. So we can perceive the movement of the water , we can connect to the movement of the environment we find ourselves in and this is why everything is much more connected and sensitive. So the spiritual aspect of pieces is to allow yourself to feel everything like you fit where yourself. This is why the archetype of pieces is so connected with the spiritual world because it tries to describe how it is to be one , how it is to be connected with others.

So remember that we were saying that Aquarium is like the dreamer and pieces is kind of the dream. So pieces is leaving this utopia where it can leave the dream that is feeling. So as Aquarium is dreaming and the sign in a dream , Aquarium is there to leave that dream , to perceive it , to experience it and to use the imagination in order to make it more sensitive. So this is how we can relate that Aquarium is the mental aspect of the spirit and Aquarium is the emotional aspect of the spirit.

This is why during the last 2004-100 years during the age of pieces , we have been living a time where everything was ruled by the utopia and by emotions. And the spirit of this era that has passed was like trying to design things from from the imagination , from our ideas. So as you have seen , we have n't been experiencing the best way of pieces because instead of working with the positive aspects of this constellation , we have been living the density and the negative aspect of this constellation , which is that we have been living through ideologies and this pieces was trying to deny the conflicts and trying to deny the limits. So we were kind of trying to leave through faith , believing on things that were not there instead of being responsible with the reality.

So in order to understand this , let 's try to describe a little bit the archetype of pieces and it 's history. So first of all , as always , we have to remember that are not the stars that conditioner condition us by being pieces , is us that name the stars as pieces according to what is happening in this planet. So in order to locate this idea of pieces , how it began to be a constellation , we have to remember what happened in the whole year. Remember that the way in which we believe in the constellations and we design the constellations of this guy is all related to the northern traditions.

So we usually describe the sodium signs according to what happened in the northern hemisphere. So if you are in the southern hemisphere , it would be different , but we have been using this tradition from the north in order to download to understand the whole information of the stars. So we have to describe what happened in the northern hemisphere in order to describe how we use astrology and astronomy. So once said this , we have to remember that the whole year , the constellations are describing the year , are describing the things that are happening in the year.

So late March , beginning of April , usually is the moment when they start to work again , because it 's the beginning of the spring. So it 's the moment of sewing , it 's the moment of preparing the fields. And then we start to create , we start to take care of the plants , to hand the animals , this talking about the past. We start to then to harvest to make the celebrations in the summer.

And then we start to make the processed nourishment , the products in autumn. So we can storage that for winter. So we can eat it on winter. So the last weeks of winter , which is this month , February , part of February , part of March , was related with the worst moment of the year because all the storage , the stock of food is ending.

It 's just ending. So we need to take care of the last food that we have. So this is why this moment of the year is the ending of something , the transcendence of something. So we can start again , we can begin a new cycle.

So during that period of time , the people needed to share food to distribute correctly the last meals that they have because they needed to wait for the next year for the plants to grow and so on. Because of this , they were in this Mediterranean regions , the populations from that territory , they knew that they were not able to sow or to harvest any food or to hunt any animal until spring comes. So this is why they had to leave only from the rivers. And they were living by the rivers like Elfretes , Tigers , Denial and they were using this this the food that were growing in the rivers like fishes and so on.

So they were using that to survive in that period of time. So this is why also we relate this moment with sharing. So we have a lack of food so we have to share in between each one of the individuals of the family. So by sharing that they are related , the fishes with the protectors of the love , the love of this family.

So that 's why in the Greek tradition they said that Eros and Afro-Dite were the the the vines that helped that became this fishes that were helping us. That were helping us to survive in that period of time. Okay , and that 's why they put in this guy this two fishes thousands of years ago. So the importance of this moment is all about love and how we relate to each other.

How we are connected to each other because in this moment , in this period of the time , is the moment when we have to relay our faith in the utopia of what is coming. We have no more things that attach us to the ground , to the earth. So the only thing that we have is to wait to expect and design as imagination what is coming ahead. So as we see this explanation of the astrology and mythology are just describing how the ancient ones used to live the real life in the past.

So this is how we can understand that there is not like the stars affecting us exactly of how we are now from that constellation. What really is happening is that we have all these archetype within and depending on the moment of the year we are born , it kind of activates this attribute within us in our cellular memory. So that 's why every sodium sign lives within us and of course , pieces is living within us. And we all have this pieces concept within us that reminds us that we are here to be one.

That it does n't matter if we are separated or altogether , it does n't matter we are still one. We are here to love each other one another and to connect us all as one unique unity that we are here to help each other. So this concept of helping one another love one another is part of the archetype of pieces that we have been seeking for during the whole age of pieces in the last 2000 years. And in this last moments that last the kids we have been trying to find that.

So the unconditional love is something that does n't have any condition , no limits. So the pieces mind says why to put a condition to something that is limitless. But what happened that in the real physical world we are limited , we have boundaries , we have systems , we have conditions , we have loss , we are limited by many things. This is because of this limits that the pieces mind usually wants to just get away to skate from this limits.

It ca n't hold the limits. So it 's constantly trying to deny the limits and go over them. The idea of this unconditional love can be only experience when you become the whole , when you become the everything. Because for the ocean the shark and the fish is the same.

The dolphin , the octopus are the same. It 's not opposite things. For the ocean there is no limits or boundaries that separates what seems to be wrong or bad or seems to be good. It just tries to find the balance.

Today I was looking sorry I was watching a documentary of the oceans on To. And we usually think that the shark is like the bad one on the ocean. Sometimes , well I do n't know if you know that but sharks are not hunting during the day. They only hunt during the night.

And they eat many fishes. So when you see those images it 's like oh poor fishes but what really is happening there is that if sharks does n't eat all this fishes every day the amount of fishes would eat all the coral. So they would need to , so the sharks are helping environment to find the balance. So we could stay at all the whole ocean in balance.

So for the ocean there is no judgment on that. Everything is whole there and conditional there 's no limitations , no judgment. So basically this unconditional love does n't have any limits and this is one of the keys also for the prizes energy to not to find balance sometimes because usually prizes this purse spread so much demand without any limitation that it can loose its goal. Okay so it can loose the the main objective.

You have to lean. You have to lean. You have to lean. A dream for the creation is a dream.

You have been living in Ethiopia for all those things that you have fought for. You have been fighting and escaping but among all you have been escaping from yourself. You have designed the dream as a nightmare. You have been living thinking that the only unconscious are you in this third dimension , protecting the idea that in the fourth dimension there are many living through you.

But all those who live in the fourth dimension are just the projections of yourself here in the third dimension. Your child 's avatars of this game that your souls are playing out of time and out of space. On the dream we 'll never end until the dream does n't realize that it 's part of the dreamer. We are entering now in the time of the dreamer.

And entering this new time you shall remember that the dream is not true. That every individual is the only thing that exists projected from the one. And that this one is infinite. And to its infinite movement you call love.

The love you have felt through all this dream is the only key to open the door towards the dreamer. The only way you are going to be able to help transcend this world is by recognizing the power of transcluding your own reality through this unconditional love. I am delusion. It is time to stop living the dream that others have designed for you.

So you can design your own dream. Is n't possible for you to send yourself free from this illusion for everything that is created is an illusion. And if you decide to leave this you would be like that for everything that the universal mind have designed and dreamed. It was possible due to the imagination and the imagination brought the love of feeling what is possible to dream.

The problem is not illusion. The problem is to believe that it is true. You have been living 2,000 years experiencing an illusion thinking that it was true. Perhaps in the next 2,000 years you will learn how to use solution.

So it does n't use you instead. Learn how to use the imagination with love. Welcome to life. Believe everything but believe anything.