Hi everyone , good morning , good afternoon , good evening , it 's all of you. So if you have me reading today , I am really tired because I did n't sleep well , so I 'm kind of a De and also very tired of doing so much inner work , so too much therapy for every day. So I guess this is how this month is going to be. Today there 's no waiting , but there is a party outside and I hope they 're going to seek testing , but now it 's not very strong , but who knows.

The topic for today is the flower. So as I explained in another post , I 've been reading a movie in which one , I said that the flowers are the channels of the vegetable kingdom and this is something that we usually do n't acknowledge because we romantically we believe that the flowers are the crown chara expansion to this soft till divine realm of spirituality of a plant , but actually for a plant it is the sexual organ. So in the vegetable kingdom , the crown chara and the sexual chara are the same. So this can change our perspective of what flower is.

So a plant finds its purpose and its expansion through spiritual connection through the genitals. Understanding this point of view of how the plants leave its reality , it 's spirituality through the genitals. We can also understand that it 's not only for the plant kingdom , but it 's also for every other realm like the animals because animals also connect to the divine through the genitals by the ability to make a spirit being born through a production. So this means that the spiritual connection in the natural kingdom is related to the ability of creation of of create which in us the living beings is related to the genitals.

So why are we talking about genitals and flowers in day of the throat chara? Because we as humans have been blocking the expression of our sexual connection to the spirit hiding our truth with secrets and being a shame of sharing our beliefs , our feelings. One of the biggest fears that we have as humans is to share the feelings that we have to share what we feel. And we have built this cultures of fear regarding the feelings because we have believed that to share what we feeling inside is a proof of weakness in front of the others.

So from our animal point of view , to share what we feel can be seen like showing yourself with all your wounds , which allows the predator to see how easy it is to take us. Sorry , just wanted to say that for the new people that maybe are here , just to remind you that I am reading everything that you write here. So I am trying to answer as many questions as you are writing here inside the chat what I am saying. So we are more than 2,000 people and it 's difficult to answer one and one to talk to person to person to explain.

So what I am doing is to read all of you and to take that and then I answer as I can. Regarding of course , or related to the topic , I would not go into topics that are not related. And of course , this is a class and this is not a circle to drink tea. So it is impossible to talk to everyone.

Sorry , all this weakness that we can have , all this sensibility , we usually hide it , we usually hide it within. So the other one can not see as a prey that can take us and destroy us basically. So of course , that this reality of hiding the things it goes from both sides because one person is trying to hide the feelings and the other ones are trying to criticize the feeling. Like for example , in nature , there is a natural mechanism in big groups of mammals , mainly that we call bullying.

That is when there is someone weak in the herd. The other ones starts to act like aggressive to it in order to show that that 's not good for the herd because it can bring problems. So the other individuals starts to make everything to let that other individuals know that what he or she is is wrong. So this is a mechanism in nature that from our point of view as humans , we see a really bad , of course , because we have morality.

But from the point of view of nature , it 's something useful for the survival of the herd. What the individual that is weak is trying to do is to hide its weakness in order to not be attacked. What the individual is trying to do is to control its emotion , its feeling , its weakness and preserve that. So that 's why all the trauma start to be hidden in the unconscious.

So the unconscious is hiding all those things that we feel that makes us weak in order to not be expelled from the herd. So the first thing to see here is that the one that is doing the bullying is the one that is weak , is the one that is feeling that should not show its own weakness. So that 's why attack at first as the mechanism of defense. When we can see from here is that the person that is doing the bullying is the one that is suffering the most inside alone.

This is why there is no good people or bad people. There is just people with fear. The mechanism making yourself strong to cover your weakness is an animal mechanism that helps us to survive. But we humans are , even if we are animals , we are doing a path in order to become properly humans and to become with everything.

Understand , to understand everything. So in the creation of our societies , our civilizations , humans , as other mammals too. They start to create ethics , which is a new way of understanding the herd in which everyone should protect the weak. Instead of fighting it , we protect the weak.

So humanity is still in this middle point in between being these animals that are trying to be strong in order to survive. And these evolves that protect the weak in order to be won. So one of the things that humans have by creating the ethics is something that that other big mammals have too like the whales , the elephants , the chimpanzees , which is this ability of empathy of connecting with the other. So being one would be to feel peace in between each one of the individuals in the herd.

This is what we discover something new from the ability. We discover the attribute of the ability that we call sensibility. This does discover the attribute of weakness , which is the attribute of sensibility. Sensibility becomes like a tool in a society that helps every individual to feel what the other is feeling to be so connected with the other that you can even feel that you are one.

Sensibility starts to be something that empower the herd instead of making it weak. So we stop being a population , a civilization that left behind the weak ones. And we started to be a civilization that we 're looking for taking care of the weak ones in order to be much more expanded. But even though we are evolving in this , we still act like animals in much of the cases that even though we know sensibility is something that connect or some still believe that that makes us weak and that we have to fight against it.

So that 's why we still criticize judge and kind of even hunt the weak ones. So this is why in order to learn how to do it , we have to start looking into plants. How plants are doing this. There are different from the animal point of view , as animals protect the most weak part of themselves to survive.

The plants does exactly the opposite. They expose the weakest part of itself. They show to the world to everyone. The weakest part of the sensible part of itself in order to show it to the world.

And they demonstrate that is that weak part that sensible part. That is the one able to manifest fruits , seeds and new plants and expanded in territory. This small and weak part of the plants are its genitals , its flowers. So a plant shows its sensibility.

Given to the world , it 's most vulnerable part. Given it to everybody without expecting anything to change. It gives to insects animals to everyone in order to expand itself. Showing its vulnerability.

Today I was talking about the weakness of consciousness. When we listen to the weakness of consciousness , we think that this is about expanding our consciousness into other levels of dimensions and to understand the universe in a different way. But the weakness really is about ending with the dream that is hiding. Everything that we do n't face all down into the unconscious.

The weakening basically is to let all those things that are in the unconscious to let go. To be shown that 's waking up. To weak up is basically to end up with the dream. The dream is the tool to hold the unconscious all those trauma and emotions that we do n't face.

This is why one of the biggest challenges that we have in the awakening of consciousness is to show to the world our vulnerability. It 's to show to everyone our secrets , our shares , our fears. So basically to go through the process of awakening is to take all the layers that are covering our body. To take away all these things that are trying to protect us and to stay nude in front of the world.

I do n't know the expression in English but we say in Spanish kind of like with a flower for skin. And we usually as humans when it 's about sharing what we feel we start to set conditions like we think about to whom we can share this or if the other one will accept me after I say this. Because we are still like mammals trying to be accepted by others but plants does n't do that. Plants just flower they blossom.

Not expecting to be accepted by anywhere. They just blossom. So this is why if we are really working for the awakening of consciousness of this world the main thing that we have to do is to open ourselves to share this inside of the others with the world. It 's really the way in which we can be open delivering what we are.

Sensibility is the key of unity during the consciousness. This is why if we want to live in a conscious world where we have to do is to allow ourselves to be sensible and to express that sensibility. The vibration for today is the statement today is I am wrestling vibration. The code of today is the age of fear go.

This is a famous age for having the development of that intensive realization. It occurred between the years 10,880 and 13,2020 By. What places our celestial north pointing to the star of bigger in the Year constellation. This means the polar star that guided the Atlantis in their expansion around the world.

This happened exactly in the historic opposite to our current process of pieces. Recent for what understanding the girls history helps us like a mirror to reflect and transcend their mistakes. Sit comfortable close your eyes and concentrate in your babies. Here you go See go micro I look in this eyes and I want to give you the We can manage to do my feet and my legs , my worsening of the situation.

To see how they turn into roots , the expand throughout the soil around deep down This is what it means in order to quickly completed these kind of birthmonth. I started to see my feet waist , chest and back , just a trunk , the dimensions from this I have served an field , across that warmth compared to other transformers by both operating thermal and indoor project. And turning into branches. I observe the use of this tree , emerging from each one of these senses.

I start to feel power , sensations , feelings , stars to blossom from each part of me , and this tree that I am is hunting in every direction , lost in it , but I feel a recognise myself. I am the tree 's life. I recognise the these flowers are a way of communication with the world. But let everyone know what I feel , but also potential I have been.

I recognise the flowers , all the inner truths that I am hiding from the world. I see fruits , feelings , emotions , all my shares. I am a chain for what I ca n't share in the world. I recognise each one of those without any judging on them.

I allow them to be a good place at lost in the flower that it hurts for me. I am a chain for what I ca n't share in the world. I recognise that the sights rest me through , but I have with them. I will attract those things that were soundproof , that they 've raped the picture.

I recognise that by sharing my sensibility , I witness I am extending my neck , but I am nothing throughout the entire planet. I acknowledge that it is my sensibility , the one that delivers me through strength. I am a person like Rachel. I am a person like Rachel.

I am a person like Rachel. I feel. I am a person like Rachel. I am a person like Rachel.

I am a person like Rachel. Thank you everybody for being here with me another day in this path. I will always see you tomorrow.