Hi everyone. Morning with afternoon , with evening. Welcome to all of you to the day out of time related to the element Earth. So today we will work in the genetic of Earth , related to all the topics that we have been working in the months of Torah 's.

Dear go and Capricorn. So as always , this five days I will explain before we begin a little bit about what this five days mean. Why are we celebrating this for new people to know about this tradition that we started to make from now on? I remind you all that this year of consciousness has started that we took all together was during 2021.

Starting the day when the start of series appears in the horizon in the latitude 33 north. In the territories of Atlantis and Egypt because the whole project was held in Egypt in Gaza. So that 's why we took the moment of series in that specific latitude 33 north. So I remind you all that because the Earth is rounded shape.

There is no specific place where we can say here in this moment and this place starts the new year. Every culture throughout the whole history had different moments , different places related to the beginning of the year. It 's very difficult to say only one moment. So that 's why we have plenty of them.

Some people choose epilogue , some people choose sausages. Some people choose the appearance of certain stars that comes back in the horizon. So that 's why there are many options and you can choose yours. So the reason why we choose this beginning of the year in August 4 is because in this period of time is the moment when the star series comes back in the horizon in the territory where the whole project of the iron was held , which was Egypt.

So the reason why we choose the star of series is because it 's a tropical star and sometimes you can see it sometimes you do n't. Sometimes you see it in the northern hemisphere , sometimes in southern hemisphere for around six months. So that 's why ancient cultures used to use that star as a guide. So you could know exactly where when to start sewing or when the flood will begin.

So the star before the sunrise when it appears before the sunrise for the first time after six months we have appearing. That moment for ancient civilizations was like all the brightest star is coming back to us. So that 's why they celebrated this new beginning , this new year. So from the moment that the star series appears in the horizon we have to make the whole cycle.

A circle , okay , and a circle has 360 degrees. So this 360 degrees are related to the 360 days that are coming ahead from the moment of series. So this 360 will mean that each one each day is a degree in this fear of time that will show us a different perspective of something , okay. So while we are having from that is that we can learn about the whole cycle of different perspective of our reality and that 's a conscious year.

If we have these 360 degrees 360 days we will know that there are many hours that are not visible in the calendar. If we are all visible , more or less give us five days. As I do n't know because sometimes the year has more hours , sometimes the year has less hours. It 's a relative time , because we are already the same day outside of time.

So if you count the whole turn around the sun , you will have some hours more than 360. So 360 for the whole circle , but then a huge amount of hours that sometimes are short turns sometimes are longer. If it depends on the year , that 's why the other days are called days out of time. The days out of time are five days mostly five days.

Sometimes our short turns sometimes are longer. That 's why the ancient says five days more or less that are outside of time. So this five days out of time are kind of a celebration time in which we can settle the intentions for a new cycle. If we always have 360 degrees perfect , it 's like we are repeating exactly the same.

But this five days allows us to create a new option. I 'll also turn it into a different cycle. So we can do something different in the next one. This is why these five days out of time are like a kind of celebration in which we can think about the things that we are trying to create.

In other times we used to celebrate these days for the five platonic solids which are the structures , the basic structures of the universe. That in the shape of elements we relate to the elements of fire , earth , ether , water and air. So today is the second day , the element earth. The day earth today while we are doing is to integrate the information of the three months of the Trinity of earth which are torus , Virgo and Capricorn.

So everything that we have learned in those months we put it together today to integrate it for the next cycle. So remember that during the year of the I am we have been working every day in a different topic , a different concept. So every year we will repeat those concepts so we can review those topics and to clarify ourselves something new regarding them. The topics , the information that we have been working during the year of the I am had n't finished that moment.

They are just the beginning of something that we are creating a tradition for every year so we can review ourselves and working our coherence every year. So for those who are willing to work constantly in the coherence and keeping the track of each one of the topics and following the conscious year. I suggest for you to follow the social media in the instrument facebook of the I am the jossoy. ret.

Follow jossi because I want to be publishing every post every day as I did this year. I did it because I wanted for you to to be much more related to it but for now on from this I was for it. I want to publish them anymore it will be all in that other account okay the you 're sorry account. So whoever wants to follow that keep on doing it there I will just share the stories.

So because these five days out of time we are trying to manifest to settle intentions for everything that is coming so I will share again the three things that I want that I also said yes they regarding all the projects that we have ahead. So the first thing I remind you all that all those who subscribe for the event in November for the groups fire and water only fire and water until this August for. So everyone that has already subscribed and those who are subscribing these five days all this people will be. We 'll be able to access to a workshop that I will give during the whole day 13 August 13 regarding the cost division of Atlantic civilization.

So I will explain things that might help us to understand what are we doing the stories of Atlantis and all the philosophy that encoded that then code our task okay. So the second thing to remind you all is that. Those who were physically in Egypt in the groups water and fire water and fire in Egypt and also water and fire physically in Argentina in November during 2002 in both. So we have come as fire and water in Egypt and Argentina.

We 'll be part of the. And our say and capacity which will take a while during 2003 okay so it will be online so everyone will access whatever they are we promise to the people that went to Egypt that we will do this capacity. Our say and capacity for for all of you so we are including the people that are coming also in November in in Argentina and we will create this. And so we will be able to do this.

So for you to know that those coming. In fire and water okay. So the third thing is about regarding the. Something that I always wanted to do which is a university of consciousness.

So from once this stage of activation and in 2022 we will begin with the manifestation of physical university where we could teach all the concepts of the I am but not only me teaching. And I 'm not only giving one of the courses but people that knows. Very well most of the of the concepts in that we have been talking about in the I am so they will also be teachers there and share their their information. So the idea of the universities to put together many of the courses that usually are spread around and they are not together and put echo here is an order in the I am project.

Okay , so kind of our university curriculum. Where you could all access and have the data very well organized and programmed so. So the next stage. After 2003 we will be to manifest this university for everyone and we want to make you a part physical part of all this and active.

And part of this project the on to university. As I call it. By making all of you. Seed founders of this university.

So how you will become a seed founder well if you have gone physically to Egypt to the event in Egypt and you have gone physically. And you will go physically to the event in Argentina in November. So the four groups fire water air and air everyone who has gone physically there will be. Seed founder of this foundation of this university.

So the idea is for everyone to receive a certificate saying that you are a seed founder of this university of consciousness on to us. And and you will also be part of some courses as a member of the foundation and you. You will be also you will receive also your name will be written in the plight of the foundation as a seed founder okay so. For you to to know that we want to make you part of this basically so if you have gone to Egypt or you just come to Argentina or you just went to Egypt.

That 's not so if you have been physically in either of both you will be this seed founder of on to us university. I want to share all this because I am thankful and I think to all of you because this is being possible because you joined the gatherings because you go to the gatherings basically because you are. Members of the foundation so because we are growing and we are doing many things we are being able to manifest this projects the bigger projects okay so is because of you that we are going to be able to manifest this university okay so. Thank you.

And we want to thank you by making you co-founders. So once said all this I. I 'm going to start with the tiny explanation of earth what is earth and. How are we going to integrate this. So remember that the three the three the Trinity the three topics that unite.

The concept of earth. Are. Torres Virgo and Capricorn the first one being the physical body aspect. The second one being the emotional and the soul of this and third one being the spirit and the mind.

That 's the Trinity of earth all the topics that we have been working with during these three months. Get together today so we can integrate it and then transcend it into a new cycle so we can use them in a different level of consciousness. So remember that. The first the concept of Torres is the source is the beginning of everything the home the manifesto of things so is the body the physical aspect of the whole nature.

And then we have Virgo which is to put order into all of this to set order and balance in between each one of the aspects of this. Of this matter that has been created. It 's also the one that sets itself into service. And for everyone.

For the earth like the mother that so 's and harvest. And then Capricorn is the law the systems the organizations itself that allows the whole matter to be created. So we are going to go through all of these concepts. One joint De.

So for all the new ones that maybe are not used for there are not used for me to speak in English and Spanish. So I remind you that. I translate myself all the time and every time that I do a video. I will be translating ever since that I say in both languages because I do n't like people to translate for me.

I like to do it myself and also because I want for my frequency to be reached to all the people. That 's why I translate myself in everything. For you to get used to this and to be patient because this is the way that a lot of people can reach the message and information. I always need to accompany with the residents in frequency.

To begin. Try to find a comfortable position. From this position softly. We start to move our bodies.

As we start to become. We move our bodies softly. Not with the mind. But let in the body to set itself in the position that it needs.

Stretch the body. Ryan. Let your body to find the right positions. Move in it.

Passage in it. Do n't think much about the movements. Just let it be. Today in the element of earth is the body who has to guide us.

With each movement and courage to the body. We take deep breath. Allow ourselves to feel. We allow ourselves to carry it in the massage each corner of our bodies.

In carries in the massage our toes. Our feet. We stretch the legs. Fingers.

Hands. We stretch the spine. The shoulders. The arms.

You know. And take breath. Feel. Let 's close your eyes.

Where the movements of your body are taking you. Feel free to move around. And I become aware that my body is the product of the earth. I am human.

The child of earth. I am humans. My bodies made up with the same carbon. The trees are made of.

My carbon is the same as the one that made the diamond. The delicate is the same one that creates the mountain. The iron in my blood is the same one that manifests. It creates the core of the planet.

Every chemical component , every mineral that makes me. Are in the mountains in the soil. I was born from the earth , from the soil , the clay , the mud. I become aware with a deep breath that I am a physical product of the source of life.

I am the spiritual strength. Transform into a body. I carry the body reminding to each one of the cells that I am the earth. The sun , the moon , and each planet of this system.

I am the earth. I manifested from the creator itself. My body is the architecture of nature. The movement is done.

My voice is music. My body is the culture. My consciousness , my history is poetry and literature. I am the art reincarnated.

I am the experience of the spirit. I become aware of this and allow myself to fall in love with matter. My body is the home for the divine spark. For the sacred fire.

For the light , my being. I am home. My body is matter. And matter means mother.

Mother is the creator. I am the mother creator. The earth. Are the home of my soul.

My own eternal. The bones , the muscles. I feel the reproductive system. The lungs , the respiratory , the circulatory , the static , the ingocrym , the digestive , the excuratory.

All my systems are the home of my soul. I feel them. And my nervous system is the network of the spirit. I allow myself to fall in love with my body.

I recognize myself as the mother. In order , balance. I recognize in my matter the mother of creation. I feel how I am in service of creation.

From me , everything manifest. To create new realities. To produce life. I am the mother creator.

In service. To create. I am the mind that corresponds to each vibration in every rhythm. I am every cause and effect of all polities that generates life.

From me , emerge all the systems that give meaning to the world. In me , I find the responsibility to find balance in the law and the order of all existence. As I am the artistic production of mother earth , I become a mother myself , creating a new earth. I become aware that all this truth inhabits my body , my physical matter , becoming the earth that I am.

I am earth. I am mother earth. I am earth. You take it to breath.

Each one at its own time , come back here and now stretch your body , your heart. And as we take the breath , we can back recognize that in order to be spiritual , we do n't have to get away from our bodies. But to become fully present in our bodies to be a conscious spirit. Thank you everybody for another day.

See you tomorrow to integrate the energy of ether. Thank you.