Hello , guess what I am? I was trying to find the correct light. Sorry. Yes , there is another wedding.

Yeah , another wedding. So this would be a month of celebrations. The good thing is that I can be here and they change the room. So it 's okay.

At least in this way , I am feeling that I am traveling. So , well , this is going like this. We will have to get used to the weird light. The weird place , the bad Y5 , all that.

Now they are with fireworks. We can hear it. For those who know astrology , my moon in Sagittarius would love to be there. Not here.

Would love to be in the wedding right now. But my Capricorn rising would love for everyone to go home and leave me alone here. Working. So let 's do all the possible to begin today transmission.

So before I begin , before I begin , I received today from two different people. That someone that I knew and that is doing videos of things of conspiracy for information for all of those conspiracy theories and so on. As I guess. I spoke to him once , but we did something.

But in the video , he was talking about all the devil and the bad things of Saturn related to Saturn. And to the planet and all the karma and the devil and the bad things and so on. And they put me in he put me in the video as someone doing bad things that I am working for the evil or something like that. And I wanted to start talking about this because the issue that we discussed yesterday was truth and lies.

And I guess it 's a good option to take this what happened because I guess that one thing is to explain things. And other thing is to talk on the back of someone that you know you can interview you can talk to. Okay , it 's like I do n't know the word in English , but well. So , it 's more like this.

I do n't care the name , I do n't care who they are , it 's not totally the same. I mean , I do n't focus on who they are. They are the same person , they are the same channel , they are the same. Let 's not matter that.

Let 's talk about the concept. So please , it does n't matter who did it , who did it , it does n't matter the channel , it does n't matter anything. Who is it? Do n't worry about it.

I just want to talk about the concept. So yesterday we were talking about the purpose of lying. The purpose of lie for the mind. The purpose of lying is creativity.

So the mind , what it 's trying to do is to fill up the gaps in between the things that you can not understand. So if you have a picture and you have gaps in the information , the mind will try to create the different gaps. Well , it will make up just like that information to just to cover all these gaps in the image. So it could create a new idea.

So it can be relaxed because , oh , okay , now it has meaning. So it gives a meaning through the line. So as an example , for example , the whole history of humanity , before we could know about evolution , about how we are all connected in all this network of evolution in nature , biology , and so on. So , so , so , for example , it comes the evolution of primates and suddenly we have the human , okay.

So , so we have the human here and the animals there. So it 's a gap in the middle and nobody can understand why we have such important , such such intelligent. Creature and then animals like normal. So the mind can not understand the gap in this story.

So it creates a god that creates the human. So now we can get it or an alien that came create the human and now we can get it. So , so it 's the mind trying to fill the gaps , okay. Fill out the gaps , the gaps.

It 's very different when you have fake news , which would be , of course , what we usually have today. So I give this example of what is happening today with the fake news is like , for example , we have , we have three people gathering , okay , we are three and we all see that one of us has a white t-shirt. And then one of us goes to talk with someone that was n't here and tells to someone else , hey , that guy I met has the black t-shirt. So he would say this guy has a black t-shirt and the other one will write that guy has a black t-shirt , okay.

But what happened today? Today you have the possibility to , if you are someone that is looking for information , if you are a journalist trying to bring information to the light , what we have to do is to go and ask and look for different perceptions from different perspectives. We have to talk to each other , okay , you have to ask to interview. You can just go and say , yes , I know that that guy has a black t-shirt when I had a white one because you can , you can check it.

Okay , so this is , you can not , when your goal in life is to try to help people to be aware of the hidden things of the world. And your goal is to investigate. And if your goal is to investigate what you have to do is to question , to interview , to ask the people , to ask for a second opinion. You can not judge a person feeling gaps because that 's the wrong use of line.

That 's what I wanted to share to understand this concept. As I said , I will never talk about people because it 's not my job. My job is talk about concepts. So I will always talk about different concepts.

I wo n't talk specifically about any politician or any person or any religion , no , any , the pope or whatever. Because I am not the one to judge because I have no idea , no idea how they are living , what is their own lives. I can not interview them. I do n't know how they really live.

Okay , it 's not my job. I just talk about concepts. I 'm not saying that I 've heard a lot of people that criticize and make this kind of public critics of specific people. And I 've seen that many times , not only from this person , from other people too , doing it to other people , not just me.

So I 'm not saying that those people are lying in the sense that they are invention this on purpose to make bad to someone like me , for example. What I 'm really saying is that their lives , they were creating by themselves , so they believe those lies. They believe their own lie so much that they think that they are doing a great thing to talk about , to talk about other people. So I 'm not judging what they do because they are , it 's their own lie.

So it 's okay , do n't worry. So it 's okay. I do n't judge that. The thing that I am just saying to you is to be very aware that when we receive information from other people , we have to try to figure out if they are talking , filling up gaps , or if they are really doing investigation.

This is the only thing that I wanted to say about this. So I was just saying because you saw something that I do n't want you to put the name to ask who was the person , or I do n't want that. I just wanted to say this for us to start to think properly how to understand when someone is filling the gaps with lies , and when someone is doing investigation properly when they share information. So also I say this for myself because you are listening to me and I talk about concepts.

And when you talk about concepts , you always fill up some gaps to try to explain. Okay. So for sure for many other people , I will be lying because I am putting , I am trying to fill some gaps. So this is why the ones with , how do you say in English , the ones who have to discern to take , yeah , to discern the information is you.

I can not say I am saying the complete truth and the other ones are lying. No , of course not. This is to learn how to discern. So this was a precise information that comes perfect for me to link the other information from yesterday with the information of today.

For sure when you heard about this , some of you maybe have felt like anger. Why? Hate? Why?

Why it happens? Even myself , I felt a little bit like angry of why? Why? Why?

Even if I knew from where it was coming , I kind of get a little bit hungry. So after all these feelings , arrives the answer in the pyramid. What is hatred? The hatred is the immunological system of the soul to protect love.

I invite you to read the blog today because I explained a lot of things , many things in the blog , due to love and hate , but I will try to make an idea for today. We in our society have divided these two concepts , hate and love like different things. And we say that there where is love , channel be hate or where is hate , there is not love. And we kind of separated and we for sure have heard some statements like that.

So first of all to understand this , we have to remember what it is love. Love comes from the European language , that means desire. But in the Latin languages , which was the , well , it means desire or the will to achieve to get something very important willingly. So this , this is the origin of that , but that gives the origin to the world luxury or also lust , for example.

So they are very connected in the Taxon languages and Static languages. But in the , in the , in the , sorry , in the Mediterranean languages , the concept of love means those things that are eternal. So all those things that do n't die , that never die , that always transform. So they would say , you , you and me to the eternity , for example , is the way in which they express the concept of love , which I guess it 's a bit a little bit more beautiful than say , I love you.

And which in Latin words , you may say , amor , okay , which means without death , that 's the meaning of something that never dies , which is eternal. Okay. So , so that would be. So love , the concept of love is the eternity.

So basically to link it with the first day of Libre , love is the beginning of all the things. And the first pulse means that love is the first thing that creates everything. Because if it is eternal , it was from the first beginning , from the first moment of the creation in the universe. So after this expansion , the waves of migration starts to move.

And with this waves of vibration that moves , we call that emotions. Okay. So each emotion is a different aspect of the energy that is eternity. So remember , each one of the emotions is a finite aspect of love.

So love is eternal. And every emotion is a finite expression of love. So this means that it does n't matter how high is the frequency or how low is the frequency. Both of them will be love anyway.

The hate would be like the lower vibration. And it 's so low that it is like kind of heavy. So it kind of helps us move. So what is hate basically?

Hate comes from the concept of those things that I do n't like. I dislike. Yes , we used to say in English , we say disgusting. Disgusting comes from the words from the words , ghost , the taste.

Also it 's from Latin. Disgusting is do n't ghost. Do n't do n't taste that what it means. So I do n't like it.

It does n't taste good. So I rather it away. The concept of hate is not to hate someone because you 're angry with them. No , the concept , the real concept of hate is just I do n't like to drink alcohol , for example.

It 's like , no , I rather not. I do n't like it. It 's more like that. So also what what it happened in with time was that the concept of hate was was connected was connected to the concept of rage.

Okay. And rage. Well , it 's another etymology , but usually it comes from from something that moves fast. Okay.

Like that , like act very fast. And it kind of moves not very in a clever way. It 's more clumsy. Thank you.

Thank you all. It 's more like clumsy when when it moves. So this is a way in which we related hate with something very unstable and very clumsy. Okay.

Very very hard. So this is why we say that we would say that hate is not very lovely. It 's not soft. So this is why we put love and hate in this balance.

So now we 're going to try to understand how they work both together. If love is the concept of eternity , we are willing for love to keep going because it 's a term constant. But when someone or something is trying to harass this love to make it to to set the love in danger. And we and love is kind of a hazard of end and die and find its limit.

Then comes the hate to defend the love so it could keep going. And that 's what usually happen when we are like quiet and suddenly someone breaks in in our inner peace and suddenly we have this reaction like to kill like this. This is a very natural reaction that we all have have some moments in our lives or every day of our lives. Basically this happens because it 's our body trying to defend itself defend its integrity.

So let 's go to the basis. What happened? What happened in the beginning of times when we started to evolve? So what is the solution for the body to survive?

The only motion that helps you to survive and to be who you are? Is fear? Fear. So when the body is afraid , it contracts.

So the process of evolution instead of contracting and protect itself , the body found the biology found another way of doing it , which was to expand and defend itself. So fear has found another way in which life could go on , which is not too close and shut everything but to open and defend itself so it can move forward. So basically this is how through years and thousands of years of evolution is how we find these little creatures that usually close themselves to protect like some humans when they do like this. Some humans doing like this to protect themselves and also some animals creating all these kind of things like doing like this to scare the other ones by this hate that they have but they can not do anything but anyway they just scare you.

So this is another way in which the body discover to defend life. So basically what what the humans started to do is to make hate a part of the culture. So in order to protect the family , what they would do was to say , I will make the other ones hate. So I can protect mine so they would go and say to the other ones , hey , that one that guy from there , he is told something from you.

So they start to fight each other and kill each other. So less people , more quiet my family or for example , saying to the other one like , hey , there is a witch. So everyone to kill the witch and you hide the witch in your home. Those kind of things.

Today we for sure , everyone of us have been in touch with the culture of hatred. The culture of hatred is something very common today but what it really means is everyone trying to defend themselves from others. So basically what is happening today is that everyone is feeling so vulnerable and so weak that we need to create hate into others to feel that we are strong. So this is the real reason why today there is so much hate in the world.

It 's because we are very weak and we feel ourselves very vulnerable in the world. Not because we are strong. The country with more military is the country more insecure. Not the most secure.

The only reason why we need to create an outer enemy is because I am not being able to hold my own internal power. Basically the reason why in this world there is so much hate is because we forgot how to love ourselves. So what is the hate trying to do trying to protect the last drop of pure love and love to myself. So this is like the war of water in the future.

People would kill for the last drop of water. Always when you see someone creating hate into other person , into other people is because inside of it there is a tiny little love that kind of behold. The fear of losing love is the reason why we need hate. So I remind you again , hate is the topological system of the soul trying to protect the inner love.

So what is the solution for all the hate in the world? So it 's basic. I have to start loving. I can not , but first of all , I can not love others.

First , I have to love myself. Because if I do n't love myself , I wo n't be able to love others. First , I need to love myself. And once I have that love , I can go and love the others.

Because when I love myself , it begins constantly an eternal cycle to move. So I can give and give and give and that 's it. I never waste energy. So one of the main things that we have to do is when we start to love ourselves , we should n't go and just love the others like that.

We have to first understand that we are not fighting hate. That hate is an immunological system. So it 's just doing its job. So what we have to do is to give them softly love without going against it.

So to say that we are trying to go against hate is like saying fight for fight for peace. It does n't have any sense. If you just think about it one second and that sentence sentence of fight for peace is absurd. It does n't have any sense.

So love and hate is almost the same. I hope you got some of the information for today. And anyway , we are going to keep working with this because we have like around 300 days ahead. So do n't worry.

Let 's go to the alignment. For me , even the talking is also alignment. I hope it is the same for you. The vibration for today is me.

I know that in English , maybe you say my , but it 's me. The statement for today is I am destiny of feelings. The word for today is the physical pattern. It says even though the evolved the evaluation process , the evolved process is a long ride of adaptation and comprehension.

Sometimes there are transformations for which we do n't have time to prepare. Those are changes. The change is to invert my polarity moving 180 degrees from my actual position. Motivated by an internal or external or external circumstances.

The chew is change something inevitable , a free fall to the void that forces us to see the invisible. So the task for today , remember , is to express to draw what is the meaning of love and hate for you. That 's it. Let 's go.

We see properly we begin by stretching the body , messaging the body. I leave all the weight of my body , fall down my shoulders , hands , all the weight fall down. I focus in my breathing. I begin to become aware of the air coming in through my nose towards my lungs , heart , blood , to every organ and every muscle.

I feel free to imagine that around me there is a wide open space. As if I am in the top of mountain at the edge of it , watching a deep valley in front of me below. I perceive the wind coming from below from this beautiful sighting , pushing up through your feet , legs , hip and waist , back , chest , hands and arms. I feel the breeze moving softly in your hair.

Take a deep breath. I move my hands with my palms facing the sun , feeling the light and the heat on them. I perceive the light , the light of the sun coming towards me , getting inside through the crown , with their eye , the throat on my heart. I perceive from the heart two rays of light heading to my hands , feeling them with a huge amount of light , so much that I can even touch it to feel its texture.

One of them is love and the other one is hate. I recognize in love all the eternity in me and in the hate the guardian of that eternity. I recognize that both of them are part of me , that one of them is the eternal cycle of the energy that creates me. The other one is the protector of all those systems of energy.

So I honoured both of them so they could find balance in the center of my being. I bring this light of these two concepts to my heart. I feel the unity of these two forces. I express my intention to balance them with my sound.

I am destiny of all feelings. I am destiny of all feelings. Take deep breath. I begin to bring this consciousness to all my body by creating , stretching and joining.

I can now open my eyes. Thank you for being there. I always drink a lot of water , rest and see you tomorrow at the same time for the plexus. Bye.