My everyone , morning , good afternoon , good evening. How are you? Welcome today to our day of the heart. I 'm totally in love with my patients.

The first thing I would like to say is that from the point of view of biology , when we speak about the heart in spirituality or in the consciousness path , we usually speak of the heart as the main source of the energy like the portal to everything. We kind of say that we connect to the universe with the heart as if the universe has also a source that is like the heart of the universe. We have this concept of saying that the universe has a core heart which is the main center of the universe. But actually when you go into biology , you will understand that the heart is not the center from where everything emerges.

It 's not the place where everything comes from and goes to. The heart is basically a place where life goes through. It 's the organ that impacts the will of life. But it 's not the place that creates life.

So it 's important to know this about the heart which is a place of exchange , not the main source. In the biology there is a unique center. There is a center where everything comes and where everything goes. In the biology everything is important.

Everything works organically and everything has a concrete function. And more or less than any of the central centers for the body , they are not significant , they are not significant , they are the original ones. So in biology we can understand that there is no organ or system that is much more important than the other one. There is no a core of everything.

Even if there are organs that are much more important because they allow life. It does n't mean that life exists because of them. It means that they are useful for life. So as you see the heart is so important but it 's not the most important because in biology everything is important.

And the body is so perfect. The structure of biology is so perfect that when we through all these centers and many years we have been saying that the body is like the darkest part , the heaviest part and we have to go to the spiritual world and sometimes we we just say that we have to death the body from the body and that it 's just the flesh that contains the real divinity. But when we start to take a look into biology you will start to understand that it 's much much more than just physical. It 's perfect.

And I invite you to pay real attention to what we are speaking this week. Because we might be expecting the beauty of the universe and other dimensions in the spiritual realm. But when we look into our own bodies we see the perfection. We see something that we can even imagine that happens in the entire universe is so amazing.

And it 's happening right inside of us. It 's so close to us that we can not see it. If we pay attention to our biology we can understand the entire universe. So biology is perfect.

It 's like understanding the entire universe. When you start to look at it it 's so complete that you can understand the function of the entire cosmos of how reality works just by looking into the body. So this is my advice when we start to follow the spiritual path. When we start to follow the consciousness awareness I would advise or recommend to all of you to to take a deep look into the biology , into their own body.

Because there you can find even much more information of how the entire universe than in spirituality. So sometimes when we see the perfection and biology we usually start to think about there should be a creator , someone that created because it 's so perfect. And this is a very common thought for us because we with our mind use to create things. We used to make things we do technology and we look at it as perfection.

So we usually think , who , it should be someone that is really clever to have created this biology. And something that we do n't pay attention to is that we were not created in our life since we were just in the womb. We were not made by anyone. It was the conjunction and interaction of cells , of neurons , of pulses that created all this.

So it 's not an outer mind that the science what we are. Is the same design that projects the mind? Is the biology the ones that create the creator? So this is why we can not say that there is one organ that is from the mental for the rest exists.

We can understand that every aspect of our being is important for us to be when we are. Throughout all these thousands of years , what we have done is to set the body in a place that we do n't like to dance. So we were willing to connect to the divine. But this was exactly what separated us from everything.

Not to look into our bodies , not to look into the divinity of our biology , or it does from everything because we started to put the creator into something outside. And that 's why we started to get out of our axis being out of what we are. So this is important in the initiative that we are taking. That when we start to say , take a look towards the inside , it 's not only about looking for the spirit within , it 's about biology to understand the body that you are , the divinity that you have within.

We have to remember that the body is the extension spirit. It 's not the shell where the spirit gets in. As you see , this system that is perfect is in constant exchange. It 's sharing by symbiosis , all the data constantly , and it does it through positive and negative the waves of energy that share , give and receive data.

So this expansion in the cosmos of giving and receiving of those who have and those who does n't and the need of share in order to find the balance is what gives birth to the system that we call circular the territory system. The circular territory system is born not because of the heart , but the heart , born is born because of the need of exchange. The universe starts to exchange information , positive and negative starts to share this attributes of energy and matter. And eventually through thousands and millions of years , it starts to develop in a very much complex way.

So it needs an order and a system that helps it to do it much more harmonious. So this is what gives birth to the impulse of energy. Some tiny cells that will push the energy towards the other cells. So as bigger it is the complex it is the being.

This cells will organize in such a way that they can push the energy and the liquid towards many directions so it can reach every corner of the body. Towards every cell. So this is how we start to get what we call the heart. The heart is the organ , the conjunction of cells that will be the distributors.

Is the engine that distributes all the information , all the data , everything that is needed. But it does n't choose what to spread along. It just spread with unconditionally. It does n't decide what to share.

It just shares. So the heart is not deciding who receives what. The cells are the ones deciding what they need. The cells know what they need and they start to send the signals through the nerve system to the brain.

The brain receives the need and it sends the data to the heart. The heart interprets the data and starts to push harder. So all the resources reach faster and better to the corners needed. So if we want to build a civilization based in harmony and coherence we have to pay attention to this.

That the main important parts of the body like the brain and the heart are not deciding over the cells about what they need. They do n't say I will give you this because I know that you just need this. The cells know what they need and they administrated how much they need. The heart just pulses , bringing everything and the cells absorb what they need and once they got everything they need they just send the rest of it to the torrent of blood again.

That 's it. The system is honest. Not because the organ decides but because the cells know what they need. So the cells in order to work like that they must know who they are , what are the goal the purpose on life.

Otherwise they would just demonstrate they would just take energy without knowing any purpose for what? What for? I am a , am I receiving all this information , this energy. And that 's what makes the cell to turn into a tumor into a cancer.

Why when a cell knows itself it knows exactly what they need. So this work perfectly in our body when the cells know what they need. For example when you eat , you for sure feel like tired after you eat. Because the digestive system is receiving all the blood because the cells need energy to work.

So everyone in the body knows that. So nobody questions that. They all know that the blood must go to the stomach and in this time that 's it. And the rest just wait.

And once they finish the work the blood go other parts of the body. So sometimes someone needs less , another one needs a lot. And it goes up and down. So imagine that the body works with the capitalist idea of economy.

So that would mean that the heart administrated the money. So all the blood goes to the heart and stocks there and the heart decides where to put the money or to put the blood. According to how good it seems the organ to ask for the money. So imagine that the eyes are the ones that can show the paperwork to the heart to take the money , to take the blood.

So the heart will be always given blood to the eyes. So eventually what would happen? First you will have a heart attack because too much blood and it can break the heart. And of course your eyes would explode because of the pressure.

So we are leaving eventually this well we usually leave these kind of things in the capitalist way of living which is what we call economy crisis. And in the other hand we have the communism. The communism and economy if we put the system in our body the heart will say I will demonstrate all the blood. I will bring all the blood to the heart and I will say that every cell in the body will have the precisely exact amount of blood for every cell.

So I share with every cell the circle the same amount of blood. We die. Why we die? Because we do n't have nothing to share.

There are cells that say I 'm not needing I 'm not needing this amount of things of blood that I 'm receiving and there are other cells that will say I am drowning I need oxygen and it oxygen to work. I do n't have enough to do what I have to do. We would n't be able to eat to reproduce to think anything. That 's the communism in our body.

So and then we can have a central point of view much more socialist socialism in the center. So the heart in that case would be like I allow the organs to take decisions to have their own economy to decide how to produce their own economy. But I will demonstrate the money. I will say how much the things cost.

I will decide this cost. There 's this. I will decide that to protect the other cells that they are not producing , that they do not know how. So sometimes I will take some blood from the organs that produce and I will give it to the cells that does n't produce.

So we all kind of have the same. That would be socialism in an idea. So I let you do what you 're doing but I will take you as much as I can to give to the other cells that are not doing nothing right now. That wo n't kill you.

Of course not. That wo n't kill you. It can kind of work but you will be always exhausted. Tired because you wo n't have the oxygen all the time because it 's like if difficult to take decisions , it 's difficult to accomplish a mission ago for the body if the heart is taken the blood for for everybody.

So also not working. Every system in which the heart or the brain decides over the cells of what to give and what to receive is a system destined to failure. Because the heart and the brain , they are not administrators of what the cells need. They are just a middle point that pushes for the cells to keep going moving.

This is why we have to see how the circulatory system works in order to try to heal the economy in our systems. I 'm not going to go deeper into this because I explain it properly in the block in the post. First of all , the circulatory system , why it exists. It is there to the distribution of resources.

The heart distributes but here we have we have to understand something here. The distribution of wealth of resources. This is something that in socialism we can hear a lot. We have to distribute the resources of the planet because they are not well distributed.

The conflict there with this sentence is that someone decides how to distribute that. So there is someone that will decide who needs more or less. That 's the mistake. In mythology it does n't work like that.

The heart does n't decide where to send the blood. The resources are the cells that has to produce something in order to receive the energy. The cells need to produce something in order to receive. So if you are not producing , if you are not doing anything , the blood interrogated you the need me.

You can not absorb me. It 's not about distribution of wealth. The heart decides the heart just making a distribution. That 's it.

It facilitates the distribution. The thing is what is the heart distributing along the body? The heart is distributing blood. What is blood is the resource that is divided into concepts.

The liquid one , which is the plasma and the physical one , which is the red cells in charge of bringing the oxygen and the carbon dioxide. The white cells that are in charge of the immunological system of the blood are looking for all the antichorps in the blood. Then we have the plaques you say in English. There are these cells that are not useful anymore for the structural being , but they are useful to reconstruct the broken parts.

Wounds or something like this. Plot , platelet , platelet. And of course all the nutrients , like proteins , vitamins , minerals and also virus and bacteria , it almost there. Now the blood , we have the blood.

Where it comes from? The blood. The white and red cells become from the spine. They come from inside the bones.

There is produce the main content of blood inside the bones. Imagine that it 's really important to understand that the structure of the body , the physical structure is the one that produces where we need for the blood. So the bones produce that content that goes into the torrent of the blood. Then all the nutrients from where do we take the nutrients?

They just exist in. Because the intestine , they absorb all the nutrients and bring it to the blood. So it starts to be spread inside the blood through the intestine , all the nutrients. And of course we need air.

Oxygen for the function of the cells. And from where you come from? The lungs. As you see , the white and red cells , the nutrients and the oxygen , they do n't come from the heart.

They come from every one of the other organs that they are absorbed by the tabular veins. The tiny , literate arterial and veins that surrounds every organ. They absorb that ghost the torrent and the heart pushes and pushes. All the time.

So it allows everything to move around. But it 's not producing , not administration anything. It 's just pushing these tributes , everything. An important thing to understand is that the heart in order to do all this distribution needs autonomy.

To be self-sufficient , to take their own decisions. So this is why the heart has also neurons. Not only the brain has neurons. The brain has neurons specialized into thinking and administrative information.

And do everything we know it does. But the heart has its own autonomy besides by itself , whether it 's time to do it faster or slower or how to move by itself. So this is why the heart not only feels the heart also thinks. We can think through the heart.

The same thing happens in the interest time. But we will speak about that tomorrow. The entire system of distribution is done by the arterial. Receiving the information , receiving all these nutrients oxygen from everywhere.

Distributing everything. And then the veins are the ones that grab all the things that are not needed. Like the carbon dioxide and bring it through the turn. So the arterial distributes the nutrients and oxygen.

And the veins receive that to take it away. So I do n't know if you knew this. But the blood is red because it has the red cells. They receive the oxygen.

And of course the iron of the blood is trusted by the oxygen. So it 's like Mars that is red because it 's it got rust. And so our blood all does the same because of the oxygen that it takes. So because of oxygen is red.

It 's rust. So someone was asking about the old people. If this system is about projects and the the system does n't give energy to those who are not producing. So what happened with the old ones with the people that can not do anything.

So basically this is the role of the planets , planets because they know how the shape was. So it is of course reconstructing because they know how to do it because they lived how it was before. They are used to reconstruct systems. So remember this that the idea that a person stops producing when it 's retired.

It 's part of a horrible system that we have believing that people are obsolete when they get older because they can not produce for the system. And in the biology system it does n't work like that. So a person is productive from the very beginning of its life until the very end. So there 's no these kind of things of there 's nothing to do after.

So it 's just a belief of the system. And of course we have the other part of the circular or a system which is the emphatic system. The emphatic system basically is like another part of the circular-atory system that goes all along to the body and that absorbs all the liquid that is storage in between the cells. So this system is kind of like absorbing all the rest of liquid that like the lipids that starts to accumulate in between cells to clean , to clean the entire body from this things that we do n't need.

And of course it 's very useful for the immune system because it takes all the weird things that are storage in the cells. It takes them all away and brings it to the gangs and how do you call it exactly the gangs? Okay , so the gangs it brings it all there and it relates to clean to make a perch of the body. So it helps also the immunological system doing a complete cleaning of the system.

So it 's the cleaning system. So this is the circular-atory system and I hope eventually one day the economy will work like that. The vibration for today is key. The statement for today is I am channel between souls.

Taking in count that the products of the blood , the plasma is taken as the sole of our system. The code for today is the reproductive system. In animals that have evolved through sex as a way of exchanging genes and improving the options of adaptability in gene environments , the reproductive system is fundamental for transcendence and continuity divided into the masculine and femininity systems. The first one represents the cosmic pattern , asteroids and comments that in humans are the textiles and prostate that produce the nutrients and productive cells.

The second one is the system of the cosmic matrix worlds planets and suns that we call ovaries , uterus and their cells call oval. Let 's go to alignment. Sit comfortable close your eyes and concentrate in your breathing. I take a deep breath on the camera where of the body that I inhabit take a deep breath and start to stretch the body.

Iconic massage and clothing is moving the joint into the circle , and slowly. We come in our way of every part of the body from the feet to the head. We come in our way of every part of the body from the feet. I go a massage from the feet , becoming aware of every muscle , bone , and organ.

I try to feel as if I am discovering the body for the first time. I recognize which part of my body makes me feel uncomfortable , and non-anymine. Which one makes me feel pleasure? I love myself to touch the genitals without feeling ashamed of it.

The end is if I can. Recognizing which part of my body I live , which one I do n't. I 'm not sure if I can. I 'm not sure if I can.

I 'm not sure if I can. I 'm not sure if I can. I 'm not sure if I can. I 'm not sure if I can.

Softly , I take my hands. I want to make sure I try to find the heart of my heart. Touching on the skin with the palm of my hand. I go to my neck to find the pulse of the beat.

I take my moment to feel , to recognize the beat to align myself with the pulse of the rhythm. I 'm not sure if I can. I 'm not sure if I can. I 'm not sure if I can.

I 'm not sure if I can. I 'm not sure if I can. I 'm not sure if I can. I 'm not sure if I can.

I 'm not sure if I can. I 'm not sure if I can. I 'm not sure if I can. I 'm not sure if I can.

I 'm not sure if I can. I recognize that every time I feel nervous , I just have to find this pulse in heartbeat. I 'm not sure if I can. I 'm not sure if I can.

I 'm not sure if I can. I 'm not sure if I can. I 'm not sure if I can. I 'm not sure if I can.

I 'm not sure if I can. I 'm not sure if I can. I 'm not sure if I can. I 'm not sure if I can.

I am a channel between souls. I am channel between souls. I have the resources in me. I have.

I have to take a breath relax your hands. I take this energy. I put it into the water. I 'm not sure if I can.

I 'm not sure if I can.