Hi everyone , good morning , good afternoon , good evening. I hope this find you all well and I hope you are all ready to begin with our month of Gemini. So I will use this last days that we begin our month of Gemini with Mercury retrograde which is like very contradictory , because Gemini is related to the communication and Mercury retrograde is basically the opposite of it , it 's not communication at all. So before we start , let 's try to remember some of the things that I usually try to remind you when we begin a month.

So first of all , let 's remember this that we are not following any astrological calendar. We are not following the calendar of the Gregorian calendar. We are not following the astrological calendar either the tropical , neither the cedar out. We are following the calendar of that lanterns and the calendar of that lanterns is divided in 12 months each month has 30 days divided in three weeks of 10 days each.

And the year begins in the moment when the star of series appears in the horizon again in the northern latitude 33. So that would be the last days of July or the first days of August. So that 's the beginning of the year. So the last days of the year and the first days of the year are five and this five days are out of time related to the celebration for the beginning of the new year.

So this is why we are beginning today with Gemini if in this point of view it has already began a few days ago. So today we begin with our month of Gemini which we have only two months ahead to end this this five. So we have Gemini and only one month more to finish. Remember that Gemini is the physical aspect of the Trinity of air.

The Trinity of air is Gemini , Libre and Aquarium. So Aquarium is related to the spirit of the Trinity. And Gemini is related to the soul of the Trinity and Gemini is related to the physical of the Trinity. So remember that Gemini has its name because of two stars , two stars that are called Cat and Poll.

We have spoke this in another moment , Cat and Poll. The names of those stars are related to the story that the Greek people used to tell about these two twin brothers that one was told the other one was immortal and they love one another so much that they were all the time together. All the time together. Constantly.

The twins were fighting together , we 're doing many things together and in one of the wars the mortal one was killed. So the immortal one was so , so sad that he started to ask to the gods to kill him too because he could n't leave knowing that he would n't be able to live with his brother. So that 's why the gods decided to make both of them immortal in this guy as two stars. So that 's why we have these two stars with those names , with a twin names.

That gave the name to the constellation. We have to pay attention to this when we speak about Gemini. Gemini is two brothers that are very opposite to a one-year. They 're opposite , but it does n't mean that they 're against each other.

They 're not against each other. They love each other. Their natures are very different. Their natures are different because one was more tall than the other one was immortal.

So there are very , very different by essence. But because of their differences they love so much one and a. That they want to be all the time together. So this is something important to get from this topic from Gemini because along this month , we will go into topics that we divide it as opposite to one another.

This is why we think that these two brothers are opposite , but actually all the concepts that we will speak about , they are complementary to one another. They are not in a fight. So as you see , these two brothers are sharing life together. They are complementary.

So the key for Gemini is communication. They need to communicate to one another. They are in constant communication because they love one another. So they want to learn from the other to understand the different perspectives from the other.

So that 's why Gemini is Gemini is like this world of sharing information. The willing to learn to communicate with the others to recognize the other. And because of this communication , this communication , the legend of Gemini is merely. Remember that when we spoke about Gemini , I 'm sorry about merely , we spoke that it was the goddess of the god of the merchant people.

The merchant , the people that used to sell from one village , another from one town to another , along countries. So that 's why the merchant , the main merchant , became merely. And this is why in between brothers and sisters , there was this communication. So that 's why merely was the legend that represented Gemini , the communication between brothers and sisters.

So what happened with Gemini here? Gemini is the key of communication between different cities and countries and population. So Gemini is air. Is it one that flies from one point to another , that goes from one city to another.

And it does n't get attached to any of those places. It just goes away. So Gemini , when the Gemini goes to one city , if not city , they used to sing , Gemini will sing with those people. But then you wo n't keep their singing.

It will leave that town and go to the next town. And if in that town , they loved to make clay figures , Gemini will do clay figures. And keep moving , keep going. Learning , sharing , and doing whatever they do in each one of the places.

So Gemini going through all these places around. Also have this thing that it can a lot. Gemini is very adaptable to the places , but they can change their point of view of those places very fast. So it has so many point of views that even their own point of views are contradictory to itself.

So they can change their point of view or their idea in the same sentence. Maybe they end up , they had another clue , another data information that is opposite to what the person is saying to what itself is saying and it changed immediately and suddenly confused this everyone. So another thing that Gemini has is that it is so open to receive so many data to try to understand if everything that we are talking is real. That Gemini people will be those that are trying to question everything until the last moment , you know , to the very bottom of the things.

So Gemini will be the energy that when someone is talking about something and it 's not really clear why we are saying , Gemini will be the one going to Google to just look for it trying to see if it was real or not what they were talking about. This also makes Gemini a little bit of a gossip person that tries to know everything from everyone. Gemini will be this energy that they will say if you have a group of people around and everyone is looking for that they are they 're talking to one another. The energy of Gemini will try to be in the conversation of everyone of all of them.

Like Gemini can not be the one not knowing what everyone is talking about. Gemini wants to be in everything. But this thing that some of us maybe can see as something negative of Gemini , truly is the attribute of Gemini , which is to know a little bit about everything trying to see everything. Do know a little bit of everything what is happening.

Gemini here , the energy of Gemini will understand that its attribute would be to open yourself to learn a bit from everything , to receive the world as if it is all about data that I have to assimilate , to receive. And besides that , to understand that it 's about communication is about to talk to one another. It 's about to expand the communication to something we call friends , to be with friends , to talk with everyone. So to be to recognize that not only you speak with your family or partners is just open to talk with everyone to open the world of your friends.

So we have seen in the month of Libre that all this clarity was about beauty for the harmony. We were looking for harmony , so it was all about all finding the beauty. Then the spirit of the air , Aquarium , would take us to expand the entrance form to set ourselves free by transformation. But then in Gemini , it wo n't be information from up there from the cosmos or the beauty of the soul.

In Gemini , we 'll be about friends , about here , the communication with others in our surroundings. So this is how from one of you is how we 're going to see all our path of Gemini in this month. And during all this month , we will have the legend , the planet of Gemini , which is Mercury , retrograding during the whole month. So what will this retrogradation take us in a very Gemini way of saying this , we will see it from a negative point of view and a positive point of view.

So from the negative point of view , we will see that we will have problems in our communication. We will have lack of communication. So we will have to be patient because many things can happen that can interfere our daily communication. And just by begin by the structure of my next week , in three days , I will start to travel with people going to the south.

And we will start to do the elements in different timelines. I told you already in all my social media , the new times for this next week. So we will have friend moment communication. We will have maybe a bad signal.

So sometimes maybe we are not going to be able to connect , or you are not going to see me properly or listen to me properly. So next week , we can have we will have kind of problems and conflicts by a structural point of view in this path. So also in a bad way , can happen that be very difficult to understand me because I am not speaking properly because I am maybe these days , I am very tired , of course , but maybe I want the best mood of communication these days , so maybe you want to get what I say. It 's much more easier to get offended.

In a good point of this retrorelation of mercury , it brings us something really , really amazing , which is that when we speak about Gemini , usually we talk about communication to go outside to speak with the others , to put out of ourselves. But when mercury is retreating , it also brings us to inside. It takes the opposite path going to speak with yourself within. For sure , you have heard this things that some people say that you are crazy if you talk to yourself.

You seem crazy if you are speaking loud with yourself. And culturally , this is weird. But this moment is about that. It 's to start to talk with yourself loud.

So , it 's a good moment. It 's perfect. It 's moment to talk with yourself with yourself. So , doing this whole moment , the task that I will propose to all of you , is that from every talk or speak , you take the little time that when you are alone , try to just talk with yourself about that , like saying , what do you think about this , metres?

Well , I think that , blah , blah. So , not in with other people , but speaking with yourself. And of course , the first topic that we will speak about with our lives is the biggest decoder of human cultures , which is to think , the feel. For sure , you have heard in the spiritual path that this decoder , this duality between thinking and feeling , like touch , of thinking to the brain , and we are touched to concept of feeling to the heart.

So , it 's very interesting when we when we talk about thinking and feeling that we start to relate , we separate these two concepts , we divide them because we are humans , we are used to divide all the things like this , this is blame on someone , it 's like we are all dividing things , separating us. But in all this path that we have taken till now , we have seen how everything is connected , how everything is one interacting to one another. So , we can not separate things really in reality. This is the concepts to think and to feel has been fighting one another through history , because some people that were following their hearts , their faith in something through history , they started to blame the reason , they started to blame the human people , ongoing against what they felt , the divinity they were feeling.

So , they started to forbid to think freely , you just , you were supposed only to feel. And eventually someday , the thinking , the reason started to take power again over the heart , over the feeling , because the reason used to say that the things were taken us to conflicts towards to misunderstandings and it was a terrible part of history. So , we had to , so the reason was against the heart. This is going once again , once again , through history in many times.

The feelings going against the reason , the reason going against the feelings. But there was one time in history that both together were one. The unity of these two concepts is called philosophy. Philosophy comes from philosophy , philosophy , the love , is the feeling , feeling , philosophy , the meaning to know , knowledge.

Racing to think. So , philosophy is the balance in both of them. Philosophy would be like the balance , the harmony between thinking and feeling , in which the feeling , the sensation that I have , becomes the seed for the doubts that makes me think about it. So , throughout all history , we have been living in this duality in which it seems that we have to decide where we decide or choose them , the path of knowledge , reason and thinking , are which is the path of love of feeling.

And because of these consequence that we have been living of these two things , even today we have this idea of a division between the heart and the brain , in which we have come from a last period of our history of science and technology , which is all about the reason about thinking. And suddenly all this spiritual people we are waking up and start to feel the cosmos , the unity. So , we start to say like , I can feel the truth , I can feel the universe. So , we start to say we have to go beyond that the heart must succeed upon the brain , upon the mind.

The heart is important , it happens and it 's not like that. There is the moment in which we are repeating exactly the same. One 's and again , that 's mistake. So , the people that lives only through the reason , only through the reason.

There usually the people that needs to see in order to believe. The people that only lives through the reason are the ones that are not wondering. That are not question in the things. That they just stay with one statement and the rest they just say , it 's not truth.

What you are saying is crazy. They do n't wonder. For sure , you know many people like this that lives through the reason. The people that lives through the reason is not people that has wisdom.

It 's not people that has even knowledge. It 's just people that have a package of data , information and they just get stuck with that and are not open to transform that data to question all the things. And in the other hand , we have the other kind of people. The ones that just leave through the heart , they 're feeling and are the people that you used to say , you do n't have to think much.

You just have to feel it. If you feel it inside that 's it. That 's the most important thing and you just feel , do n't think about the things. Do n't waste your time thinking.

It 's just perceived it and we 're all love and everything is about love and through the heart and that 's it. So what is the problem here is that when you just leave through the heart , people lives in a dream because it 's about feelings and the feelings are created by the brain , made the hormones. So you feel is what your body is processing. So it 's not the truth.

You are leaving just an imaginary idea. That 's why these kind of people lives in a magic realm , illogical , impossible to manifest anything because they are living in a dream and they believe in anything and whatever because they feel it , they just believe whatever. So think about now all the problems that are brought to life by just living from one or the other side. Remember this is not about being one or the other.

These two are called master and poker. Master and poker are brothers that love each other. They love so much. They want to be together as one.

And this unity is what we call philosophy. This is philosophy. Philosophy is the love for knowing. It 's knowing through love.

So we usually make a mistake , a great mistake. When we say philosophy , we use to make the mistake , believing that we are talking about currents of philosophy. Different branches of philosophy. Or the philosophy of life.

And philosophy is neither one or the other. We will take away the philosophy , the branches of philosophy , the currents , and also the life philosophy away and we will have philosophy. What is philosophy is love for wisdom. How does wisdom to find itself through love by questioning itself constantly?

When we say philosophy of life , we are never referring to philosophy. We are referring to something that we like and we feel attached to as a pattern of life. The philosophy of life is I like this pattern and I attach to this pattern because I like it a lot. And I do n't want to change it.

I love it. So that 's not philosophy. We call it like that because it 's something that we like. But it 's not philosophy.

That 's a pattern that we love. That 's it. It 's not the philosophy of life. There is no philosophy of life.

Philosophy is about generating constant your life. Also , also , when we say about currents of philosophy , that would mean ways of seeing life. For example , you have the contest platonic point of view. Meet the card , I do n't know , many different philosophies of life.

But to know that philosophy , to know the path of philosophies , does n't make you a philosopher. And to follow one of those currents of philosophy , neither make you a philosopher. Because the main essence of philosophy is to not have an idea. It 's not to follow any string , any current.

Philosophy is about questioning ways of life. It 's about questioning not to be part of something. When you become a part of something , you stop being a philosopher. So if you teach philosophy , you 're not a philosopher.

If you follow one of the currents of philosophy , you 're another philosopher. Philosophy is basically the connection between the heart and the mind. Is the love for wisdom. And in the middle , we find the questions , the communication , is the constant communication between the two parts to share , to exchange some views , to grow from that.

So remember that in order to open yourself to this energy of Gemini , we have to feel like philosophers allowing us to feel our ideas to wonder of them to love to question our mind. That 's evolution. The things that we consider a certainty is just another pattern of belief. Is the mind the reason the one that is looking for uncertainties?

Nothing and never anything. In our history of humanity , has developed and evolved through the path of certainty. It was always evolved by questioning and by wondering. And yes , the idea told you that I would say and translate what Th had said yesterday , whenever I understand what he said.

So this is why I 'm not going to say anything. Today we change the vibration , which is X. So the vibration for today is X. The statement for today is I am a spiral of divinity.

The goal for today is the center above , superiors center. Within the energetic patterns linked to the human physical body , the superiors center is found in the contact limit between matter and the aeroplane. It has an intense white color shining in gold around like a sun. That marks the positive pull of the terminal energy of the electromagnetic field.

And it 's the limit for it to return to the interior plane. Its information is linked to ours self-concent , where the high spiritual information from guides and self-massorship comes from. The intuition. The mantra for our month is I think.

Today we change the music. So thank you , Yuji for the song for this month that we 'll accompany us through this 30 days in Gemini. Sit comfortably , close your eyes and concentrate in your babies. It takes you to breath and become aware of the entire body.

I bring my attention to my feet , seren on the ground. Cycles and traits in my field. I imagine imagine that in front of it , a mirror , images , like a reflection in the middle of the desert. Going up , I feel how this mirror goes out.

Showing me the reflection of my feet in front. So I see all of my legs appearing , my hands and arms. The trunk of my body , test shoulders , neck until I see my face reflected in front of me. In the mirror , I started to play softly with your movements.

Seeing the reflection in front of me , becoming comfortable , playing with my image. I recognize myself watching me in the mirror. I recognize the both. It 's me.

I 'm myself in my reflection , both are one. Complementary. I recognize that one of us is the thing here and the other one is for feels. I 'm dying alone myself to communicate in between what I think and what I feel.

I wonder if I question this communication , what are my thoughts , what are my feelings , and how they relate to one another. I 'm with my hands , I start to be at the shape of an infinite between my heart and the heart of my reflection , connecting the fingers , thoughts , and the feelings. I 'm with my hands , I start to be at the shape of an infinite between what I think and what I feel. I 'm with my hands , I start to be at the shape of an infinite between what I feel.

I 'm with my hands , I start to be at the shape of an infinite between what I feel. I 'm with my hands , I start to be at the shape of an infinite between what I feel. I 'm with my hands , I start to be at the shape of an infinite between what I feel. I 'm with my hands , I start to be at the shape of an infinite between what I feel.

I 'm with my hands , I start to be at the shape of an infinite between what I feel. I am low and a wisdom , I am philosophy. I stare at the eyes of my reflection and I see myself inside and out yes , connecting my divert. .

. I think , I feel , I 'm between both In contemplate a Spare that connects us both. The Divine Sport. I am the Divine Sport.

I am the Divine Sport. And I recognize me , the universal mind that thinks , I think , I think , I think. I take the breath and died my reflection. I am the Divine Sport.

I am the Divine Sport. I am the Divine Sport. Thank you , everybody , for having started a new month with me in this path. As always , see you tomorrow at the same time.