Hi everyone , good morning , good afternoon , good evening. So welcome everybody to this new day , beginning the emotional wake of Aquarium with if such a thing really exists. This is not to criticize anyone from Aquarium. So good.

I have been borrowed a huge board. So if I use it , I will disappear. So today we begin with a week in which we are going to go through the path of the solar deck. So today with a Chrome chapter , we will begin with Aquarium constellation.

So first of all , let 's try to see what are the solar signs so we can understand why they are so important for us. And also like this , we will be able to understand that our whole week. So now we will try to remember what we have learned about the constellations and how we see them. So first of all , remember that here we have something called the cancer , topic and capricorn , topic.

So remember that , above this region , we have the boreal constellations that means the ones from the north. And here from this line down , we have the astral constellations , which means the ones in the south. In the middle , we have the topic constellations. This does n't mean that you can see them on the here.

This means that these constellations are seen half of the year above and half of the year below according to the seasons. That 's why they are called the stationary constellations because they are seen in , in according to the , according to the sources and equinox. As the earth is moving. So now let 's go into another thing.

This is more difficult to erase. So now we are going to have the circle with the Sun in the middle and the earth with the moon around. Here we have the Sun here at the earth and we have all the constellations around. When the earth is moving , when the earth is moving around in the circle around the Sun.

So our point of view here we have an eye watching. So we see the Sun that is like in the house of Aquarium. So we perceive the Sun moving through the houses of Aquarium but it 's us that is moving. So we perceive the Sun moving there and the time it takes for us to go through the through this this vision of the Sun.

It 's around 30 days. So it takes 30 days for the , for the from our point of view that the Sun goes through Aquarium. Okay. So it 's because of that that we perceive every 30 days that the Sun is moving into a different constellation but it 's not moving to a different constellation.

We are moving for a certain the Sun moving around. So the whole circle will be 365 days which is the year. Basically the earth will take 35 days approximately 34 constellation. Watching in this 30 days how the Sun seems to move through this constellations behind.

The the earth as you see here is watching the Sun through the equator. The tropics in between the tropics through the equator is the region that sees the Sun straight in a line. So as it goes around the circle. These regions are the ones looking into the Sun and that 's why these constellations are called the tropical constellations because we see them from our point of view.

Straight to the Sun. The reason why Aquarium is the one affecting us and not Leo when we are watching to the Sun like this is because we perceive that the light of the Sun is given us the energy. So we receive the energy through the Sun from Aquarium through the Sun and we can see it we can perceive it. So Leo in this moment is in the other side in the dark side.

So we can not see it 's perception okay. So that 's how it is that 's the point of view. Depending on the sources and the equinox we will see these constellations still like this in the center or moving like like. Or the perception will be that some of them are above and some of them are below.

So it 's dependent on winter. Users praying autumn that we will see these constellations moving around the planet in different ways for north south or whatever. As the earth is moving around this means that it will take the path through these two constellations. And that 's why by looking into the Sun it knows that the energy of that moment is related to that constellation which is behind the Sun.

So now if we see these Aquarium here because we are in the month of Aquarium. We will see that Aquarium is the opposite of Leo and we can see here Virgo is the opposite of the faces. The area is the opposite of the Libre and so on. Taurus from Scorpio , Gemini to such terrorist cancer of Capricorn.

So there are opposites. So what it means this opposition that when I am looking into Aquarium like this month Leo will be the one showing me the shadows. And when I am there with the earth looking into Leo so Aquarium will be the one showing the darkness of Leo. Okay , that 's the opposite.

So why the opposite basically because one side is light is the day and the other side is the night. Of course easy. So we are not the only planets here around the Sun. Also we have Mercury , Venus , Mars , Jupiter , Saturn , Trans , Neptune and Pluto.

So now of course that we have this planets here. These planets are also different constellations. As you see here. So from the point of view of our earth as it moves from our point of view these planets are in different constellations.

So this means that these planets are bringing us the energy of that constellation. This is what shapes the astrological chart. Now imagine that here we have a conjunction of planets in the same house in Turns. But then we have the opposition of planets from Scorpio to Turns.

This planet Venus and Jupiter will be like against each other. I 'm showing the shadow of the other one. So now remember that the reason why this effect is because we usually see everything separated. But in reality it 's only one thing connected as one and projected in many.

So everything basically here is only one thing. All the planets everything is just atoms , it 's just molecules. So when all these gravitational aspects of all these beings are moving around they move this gravity with them through thousands of millions of years. That is why all of them affect us somehow like the parts of a clock that when one will start to move all the rest move with that.

Okay , so that 's the image that we have to understand from this is only one thing. So there are no different things is only one thing moving. The way the planets and the movement affect us is the same way in which a person that we love or we are related with. It talks to us or affect us.

It does n't matter where we are. So maybe I am here and in the other side of the world I have someone that tells me something that affects me. Like it does n't matter if it is in the opposite side of the world. When I hear its voice saying something that bothers me or that makes me happy , it does n't matter I am affected like this even if the person is far away.

The same way Jupiter can affect me from my perception of its movement through the subconscious and the unconscious. So just to understand how they affect me the first thing we have to understand is that we are one. Because the other way we can feel it anyway because everything is connected everything is just one. So now let 's understand why a planet or a constellation can affect us in the projection and separation that we leave.

The way we can understand is in the same way as for example when someone does something that we do n't like or that we like. What I feel is only my perception. It 's not the other person that did something that affects me. What the other person is doing is something that the other person is doing but how I am affected is only mine.

It 's only my energy , my perception. Basically that. This means that it 's not the other one that is doing something to me , otherwise just doing something and it 's me who perceives it in one way. It 's my own emotion.

So the same thing happened with the constellations on the plants. It 's not that the planets are affecting us in a specific way. Is that us in the subconscious and the unconscious are affected by the position of this planet. The position of this planet.

And it 's my position , my perception of this of that movement that make me feel something is my point of view. It 's not the other one that is doing it to me is myself receiving that movement from my own point of view. So now to understand this. The astronomy is speaking about the position of planets and constellations.

And the astrology is the perception of the planets and the constellations. So it 's not the reality outside is the perception of that reality. So once that this , let 's try to understand the difference between cedarology and tropical astrology. So the cedarology is describing how the skies are in this right moment , the position of the planets in this very moment.

So that 's the astronomy. And the tropical astrology is exactly astrology because it 's describing how I feel myself according to what I perceive from the skies right now. Okay , just to understand this. Central astrology astronomy describes the position of the things.

Describe the position of the skies how they are in this moment. In this very moment , which makes that the tropical changes a lot. Because for example now we say that we are in Aquarium , but right now in the cedar astrology is not in Aquarium. We are still in Capricorn or I do n't know , yes , I guess in Capricorn.

So we are still in Capricorn in the central astrology is not Aquarium. And why is that? Because the tropical astrology was designed 5,000 years ago when the north and the star was Alfa de Cones. So this sky was totally different.

So that 's why they designed astrology according to that north and star. So the tropical astrology was before the astronomy. But 5,000 years after that when the north and star is Paris , the constellations have changed. The position has changed.

So that 's why the tropical astrology is not feeding the central astrology because the central and tropical were the same 5,000 years ago. You get it , it 's like so what? We are following something wrong because now we can say the planets are not in the constellations where they are supposed to be according to the tropical astrology. So now let 's go to Einstein what 's the tropical?

The tropical is not describing something from the outside. The tropical is not saying that constellation there is the one that is affecting me. The tropical is saying when this star or this constellation is there , I feel this. So the tropical is describing is describing the perception that I have.

From this planet when I see that star there , is not that star is myself receiving something wild that star. To understand how this two work , let 's do a very human example. Imagine that you are the earth and you have to go to work every day and you are going to work which is your opposite in the life because we are. We are comfortable at home so I go to work and I go back to my home.

So that cycle is like the year of the planet. That 's the cycle. Okay , so in that path I find a star usually in front of a bakery. So I find the bakery and there is a star.

And I never see this there. So when I go there and I have to say it 's done , when you kick the the star and you are about to fall down. So when you 're going to do that , every day you do the same and you just see the bakery. So you relate to fall down with the bakery.

So that bakery is n't background , but you just see that unrelated with the stumble. Okay , so when you are about to fall down. So that 's the perception that you have of you falling down that you see you relate the bakery with falling down with stumble. So it 's not the break bakery that makes you stumble.

So it 's there that you always forget. Okay , so it 's not the bakery is not guilty because of that. It 's just that when you see the bakery , you remember that you will stumble. Okay , so that 's the tropical astrology.

It 's like the constellation behind and something happens to you and your perception is that every time that you see the bakery behind , you will fall down. Okay , so what happens comes the central astronomy astrology. The central astrology is the one that says yes , it used to be a bakery , but now it 's a shoe job. So now they are selling shoes.

There 's no more bakery there. So because they are selling shoes , you may be think that is different. There 's not different because the stair is still there and you will stumble again in front of a bakery. Sorry , in front of a shoe shop.

And the central astrology is the one saying is not much more is not anymore. A bakery learned that is not a bakery. It changed. Now they sell shoes there.

But do you say no , but when I fall down , I feel that that 's the bakery because I used to be there used to be a bakery. Okay , so that 's how we can understand both of them with a human example. So it 's not about to choose one or the other to rule my life. It 's about to understand that one is telling me what is outside and the other one is telling me how I proceed within what is outside.

So both of them are useful to understand what I feel and what is there. So what happened with the constellations , the name of the constellations are not related to what happened in the sky. I related to what happened here in this planet. So what was happening in this planet was the thing that was determined how we call the constellations.

So a queries , pieces , areas , aircraft names of things that they were using and relating in that time. But they are not specifically related to something in the sky. It 's just stories to understand what happened in the earth. And that 's for example , the year begin in the concept of the year begins in areas why because areas is the one that represents is the stars that you see in the sky when the tragedy was taken part.

The tragedy in Greek means that the singing of the ram , the singing of the ram. Why? Because they used to kill a ram to use the blood to make the ceremony for the sewing. And the sewing later comes with the bulls , the bulls open in the earth.

So torus and after the bulls comes the sharing of the seeds in Gmina and then the water to water the fields in cancer. And so on , what is happening in the earth is the thing that named the name of the earth. That named the sky is not the other way around. Okay.

For this same in the tropical astrology , what is not a stone of the earth is a terrible stone that is perceived by the stars. So the tropical astrology is not a path through the stars. It 's a path of the earth that we understand when we see the stars , the position of the stars. So I hope this helps you to understand many things of the sky.

So of course that maybe many of you have many questions or you did n't get this. So I 'm trying to put all together like a summary of what all this. So if you have more questions for sure , there are many people here working as astrologists. So there would be of course happy to help you , I guess , to understand deeper things that I do n't know.

Sorry because I am I am putting too much information in two languages. Sorry. So for those who are asking how is the perception , how is possible of this perception. So it would be good for you to see the previous videos in other months in which I spoke about what is perception , how everything is just reflection.

So each one of this one is a Trinity. So we have the Trinity of air in a queries , Gemini and Libre and the Trinity of water , pieces , Scorpio cancer. We have the Trinity of earth and Capricorn , Turns and Diego and the Trinity of fire. So each one of these trenches will have its body , its soul and the spirit.

So the spirit of the fire is areas , the soul is Leo , the spirit is Sagittarius. So these four here are the body of the Trinity. These are the four are the soul of this Trinity. And then we have the spirit.

So this is the Trinity of the whole path. So this is the body , this is the soul , this is the spirit. Body , soul and spirit. Body , body , soul and spirit.

So during the whole week we are going to go walking this path. So we are going to try to understand the Trinity and the aspects of each one of them , of these constellations. So these constellations not from the point of view of what is in the sky , but from the point of view of what I perceive from the sky. And of course that because our body is not like this in the circle , we are like this.

String , the charts and the constellations are in a different order. So that 's why we are going to start life , Aquarium related to the crown chara. All these explanations to tell you how is Aquarium. So there was a lot , but I rather , well that 's it.

My hair is a little bit celtic today. So what is Aquarium? Aquarium is basically the spiritual aspect of the Trinity of air , which means that is the one that is connected to the mentality is the one connected to the mind. So the expansion of all the things , the huge mind of the universe is expanded in Aquarium.

The whole thing , you can not put structure on it , you can not hold it in any way. It 's constantly expanded in its freedom. So the key of this sign is to expand into the freedom. So it opens to all the opportunities from the crown chara is like the lotus flower open to the whole universe.

So Aquarium is the Aquarium is the mind , the thoughts is the network of thoughts. It 's the expansion of all the possibilities in the mind. It 's the network of networks. So this is why when we speak that we are starting the age of Aquarium , it is related to the idea of the networks.

Of the idea of we are creating something new that is a network connected with many , with many things. It expanded in a network of thoughts. But this network can not be only one in one way. It is infinite , like the mind itself of the universe.

We need to create constantly at different kind of network to transcend the old one. So we can expand and expand and expand more beyond our imagination. This is why in this new time we can not think of creating a network in which we are all doing exactly the same. We have to innovate , we have to do many things constantly , transform all the time.

So if we are not opening ourselves to new networks , to new ways of doing things , we are not doing properly the task of Aquarium. And now what is the problem of Aquarium? That as the mind , it goes beyond , it can see the future , it can go all the time , father and father transform everything. And the conflict is that it can not live what is thinking.

It can not manifest , it is impossible for them to manifest something and live in harmony , something. It is leaving everything constantly behind. So one of the things that we have with the energy of Aquarium is that usually abandon things , because they do n't hold the emotion of the things because they need to go transforming the future. So they are protected in the future so they do n't have any problem to live away.

They all things very fast. Like , oh , I do n't need this anymore. And now I want to do this new thing. So for most of us , for the rest of the science , it 's like , you never know when they are going to abandon you.

Or not being interested in you anymore. It 's like , just , oh yes , I 'm not interested anymore. Bye. And leave away.

Because they are the atmosphere , air , cold , and open , expands , expansion. So they can not be attached to anything they just expand. Basically Aquarium is the great master of free will of the one that is free of everything of the touchment. So for example , the Leo 's like myself , we are the opposite to Aquarium.

So for Leo that is looking for the control to have everything on their control. To have everything on their , the kingdom , the power of the king. And the other one , Aquarium , we 'd be like , no , I 'm free. I do n't care.

But before this appear. So it 's the hard work for the opposite , which is Leo. And now we are starting an era that is out there. So we have to practice how to set ourselves free.

Because otherwise it will make us be free. Very hard. And this is because we are animals that live through how to say this. I forgot , costumalous.

Then we do all the time the same. We get used to the things. So we are attached to emotions. We are attached to thoughts.

So we speak that we want to set ourselves free. That we want to be free. We speak about freedom. Thank you.

But we are animals of habits. Thank you. So because we are attached to many things. And for us , really , to experience what freedom really means is hard.

It 's really hard. So we have to practice that. If you want to start practicing that , I give you just kind of a tool. A practice that you can do.

I wrote it in the blog. And the post for today. So you can do it. You can check it there.

And you can do it if you want. Okay. Let 's see. Leo , wait.

But I do n't know if we can. So we did there. Because I do n't want to explain something. They are really wrong.

So of course we are going to keep talking about our queries in the next days. Because we have the Trinity coming through. And of course we are in the week of a query. So we will speak about it.

But above all , the key for this month is the attachment. To let go , set everything free. Aquarium. That 's the vibration for today.

The statement for today is , I am spiritual nourishment. The code for today is fire in its aspect of light. In the great explosion originated in the beginning of things of cosmos. The spark lighted for the first time.

The last month generated by these waves and particles in the base of the energy and shapes. Sorry. The last month generated by these waves and particles is the base of the energy that shaped the essence of the universe. The second aspect of the fire 's Trinity aligned with the soul 's process.

This way , the admit and information concepts that we call race. That like a rainbow , order information and the universe and the universe is conscious. Let 's go to the lineman. Set comfortable , close your eyes , and take it in breath.

It 's time to focus only in our breathing. The last month generated by these waves and particles in the alienation system. The second aspect of the fire 's Trinity aligned with the soul 's process. The first aspect of the fire 's Trinity aligned with the soul 's process.

I become aware of the energy of my body. What is expanded from my skin from my muscles and organs and I pay attention to becoming aware which parts of my body are clueless and which ones are hottest. I recognize that this energy that I feel this heat is the body of my soul. The positive and the negative , the moods my life , my emotions.

I feel how the energy of my entire body starts to move up. I signed , breached deep once again , taking all this energy to my head. It blドcks me like your love à style in colour. Holding on the top of my head.

I start to see. Open so be that everything around starts become space , in darkness and always seem above and around is the constellation of Aquarium. As this flower opens in our norm , I can perceive how my body sets itself free towards the castles , opening to the infinite of the universe , connecting to the infinite mind. I become aware of this fresh energy that set myself free from the patterns of beliefs , expanding me throughout the whole cosmos.

I am free. And aside perceive and feel with freedom , a sight-ticket to breath of this fresh universe , I recognize that this is the nourishment of my spirit. Aquarium lives within me. I am Aquarium.

I beg great activating this divine nourishment. The Ghost quiere of Mark! The Ghost Ghost يا Dem Lock! I am the spiritual nourishment.

I am the spiritual nourishment. I am the spiritual nourishment. I know , I know , I know. I am the spiritual nourishment.

I am the spiritual nourishment. Take him on and now to perceive , to pay attention to all the things that you are attached to. The do need to set free. All the things that you are life that need to be expanded.

Just think about them. Take a deep breath , bring in all this muscles between your hands. Take all that between your hands , and with a deep breath , bring it towards your head to the crown chara. And set all of it free.

Okay , here he is pushing that to the cosmos , to the infinite mind of the universe of all the possibilities. I know , I am the spiritual nourishment. I expand towards the cosmos , I bring this concept of freedom of the universe of mind. And I take it into my hands to my mouth , this nourishment.

And I eat the nourishment of freedom , this gift of the parents. I think in honor all the mirrors of our parents. I take my hands to my heart , and I thank you. And each one , but it 's on time , come back here and now.

Thank you everybody for being there and slow us. And see you tomorrow at the same time.