Hi everyone. I hope you can hear me , you can see me. As you may see today , I am exhausted. I 'm like this because we have been this three , four days with this group of 25 people.

Even if we have been working beautifully and we have been enjoying , we have enjoyed everything that we have done and everything , I should say that I am really tired because I was used to be alone in this past month. That 's why just three days , God makes us exhausted. What we have been doing here was also explaining , working with them and going to the pyramids and working with the energy. But also I have been trying to keep doing it not only with them but also with you.

Doing the transmissions and writing the blog. I was doing all at the same time. That got me exhausted. If you see this face today , yes , today I am tired.

This is the day that I can say I am really tired. Besides the work , I have been running all the time because I came to the room only to write or to sleep. Then I work and then going around everywhere. I have a complete mess in my room right now.

It 's an opposite of Tobago , my room right now. I am nervous about that. But anyway , I will organize tomorrow. One other thing is that without the eyes , without the glasses , I am not able to see anything today.

You will see my reflection. Today we start with the physical body , the physical aspect of which is this week. I connected to the crown chara. Today is an issue that I wrote down.

I did it very late. I do n't know if you were able to read it. But it 's about bathing , the birth. Today with the crown chara in the physical body , we have to discuss about the physical , complementary aspect of death that we have been talking about.

One of the things we have been working with all this week was about patterns of the waves , the vibration , the frequency , and how it is moving like positive , negative , positive , negative. Wave pushing the creation of the whole universe. According to this vibration , one of the aspects of the physical wave is that we also die and born. So the whole wave of vibration would be the eternal life.

So basically what this means is that the universe is constant. There is no end and beginning in the universe. It 's like a constant wave. There is a whole life.

The universe is constantly expressing by bathing. These vibrations are the ones that we in concept divide in death and life. But it 's all one. There is no death and life as a beginning and an end.

That does n't exist. It 's just a perception that we have. So basically what this means is that nobody really dies. Nobody really is born.

But everything is constantly transforming itself. One of the ideas that we usually have is that when we die , we go back somewhere where we retire or where we go to vacations like holidays. And then we come back. But that 's not like that.

The thing is that we have a constant wave. And the waves are constant. The waves do n't end. And they start again somewhere else.

What really happens is that the waves break in the shore constantly , once and again , once and again. Never ending. So this is exactly how the universe works. When you die , you just , the process of dying in this reality is the process of being born in another reality.

The process of dying in that other reality is the process of born in a new reality. So basically we have decided we have organized the universe in such a way that we would say we would say when we die , we go to rest. And then we take action when we start a new life. But it 's not like that.

When we find the resting process during the process of harmony. And that goes through life and death. It 's constantly. So the waves of harmony gives us rest.

The waves of the ceremony gives us work action. So why the ceremony process is the action process? Because when we take action , it 's because we are looking for a new point of harmony where to rest. So the process of harmony is the one that helps me to know that I ended a process , I accomplished a cycle.

So I can be in harmony resting. So there 's lots of people that when they die , they are in harmony , this ceremony. So what happens to them is that they keep in action after death. So this is why we can not relate death and life as the process of action and rest.

Action and rest are related with which balance and harmony do I have during the process of life and death. So for example , all the people that we use to call ghost are people that they died in this harmony. So they are keeping the action being born in a new reality. So this helps us to understand that the process in the universe is not divided in death and then a process of nothing.

And then we decide to be born again. The process is a constant. So it does n't matter to which dimension you go. The door , we can call it the door between each one of them.

We can call it death and being born at the same time. So this is why we also can understand that it happens through all the dimensions. So someone from the fifth dimension can also die and goes to the sixth dimension , being born in the sixth dimension. And somebody from the sixth dimension can die in the sixth dimension and be born in the fifth dimension.

So the process would be different. There would be many differences in how it happens , but the concept itself would be mostly the same to be born and die at the same time. So when we are born in this reality as humans , we may call this as a spiritual death. So this means that a part of us that was living in the fifth dimension or the fourth dimension had to die in order for us to be born in the third dimension.

So for example , the process are different because someone that dies in the fifth dimension , for example , where everything is clear. They do n't die by a heart attack. Someone in the fifth dimension would die because the master that knows everything suddenly realized that he does n't know everything. And that there were some missing links that he could n't get.

So suddenly that 's the death of the master. So the master has to become the student to understand that thing that he missed. That 's why the master is alive in the third dimension in order to experience and to assimilate that knowledge to become a master again in the fifth dimension. So this would explain that the reincarnation process is a constant process is not just for the third dimension.

So the concept of reincarnation would be like the concept of adapting to new dimensions. So sometimes we used to believe that a human just dies and its soul goes to some place on holidays to rest because of life. And then that soul she decides to come back again as a human. But no , it 's not like that.

Sorry. So basically , this is not related with the concept of a human culture. This is related more with an electrical pulses electricity. So basically what this means is that when we die , when we express into other dimensions , we expand through electricity like an expansion of electricity conduction.

Basically what this means is that when we die , the energy that makes us exist , it just expands in the environment and they just go by electricity and resonance to the trees to animals of the plants. So basically it means that when you die , there are aspects of you that they just are born at the same time in things that you have around you. So they start to record information for the spirit , but in different shapes. As we can feel that that happens in our environment , it also happens through dimensions.

So this is why we could say that a part of us goes to what we could call the heaven , which is the fifth mention , for example. But just picture this that this continues of energy is just a wave. And this is why that wave is called to be born to die , to be born to die. So the consciousness when you die does n't go and holds to the soul , the consciousness expands in the soul.

So basically the soul does n't catch all the consciousness. It just tries to expand. Remember that soul is movement of energy. It 's not something that you can hold.

It 's an expansion of energy. So when you die , your consciousness is not whole in one soul. It expands in many. So we have to acknowledge with this that the spirit is something that eternally is being born in different shapes.

So in order to accept that rebirth thing , we have to accept the process of death. So we used to relate , we have been speaking about death because we used to relate death with the end of life. But from the perspective of the universe , death is the freedom of the soul because it allows the soul to be reborn in a new shape. Sometimes also when we start to remember many lives from other times , it 's not exactly that those memories are ours.

The energy that we bring , that we hold in our soul is not specifically ours because the soul has been expressing itself and expanding itself so many times that it took information from all over. So that 's why we can also remember things that were not straight in our own experience. But they were around. For example , my soul can remember to be a tree or for example , can remember to be a Julius Caesar.

And maybe I was n't , of course , I was n't Julius Caesar , but maybe I was , I died , closed by him. So I just felt my soul capture the information of him. So I can also have the information of who he was , even if I was n't specifically him. So this is why so many people remember to be important people in the past because when you died in the past , you always had idols.

So you always said , I would love to be like that person. So the information of your soul is mixed with that concept of that person. So your soul interprets that he or she is also that person. And also it does n't matter because the universe is just one.

So we are all one. So it does n't matter who you were. And if you believe that you was , that you were this or that , because even if you were , you were. Because the universe is only one in different shapes.

So the reason why we have all these memories and all these concepts is because the spirit needed to leave the experience. And this is something that I used to explain many times. Let 's remember that spirit , soul and body are three different aspects of the self , of the same being. Different aspects , but the same being.

So remember this , as I always said , spirit is vibration , soul is energy , and body is matter. The three of them are the same thing in different frequencies. But it 's the same thing. As we would say , all of this is water , but it express in liquid , gas , and a solid.

So the spirit expands in vibration and sees that everything is possible. But the spirit in order to leave to experience that potentially that he is seeing needs to put an intention of energy to move forward. So that 's the soul. So the energy of the soul will create the patterns that shape the matter and the different bodies.

So the bodies will be the tools that helps the soul to perceive , to sense the different experiences. So basically , the spirit will be able to understand its own ideas through the energy of the soul by the experiences of the body. If the spirit is like this ocean of vibration , inside this ocean , we will have many currents of waves , of energy that we will call many souls. And each one of the souls will have these patterns of life death , life death , life death.

So to picture this image , remember , the spirit is the ocean. The soul are the currents inside the ocean. And each one of the waves in the ocean will be life and death , life and death of different bodies. But everything is a continuous.

It just transforms itself. This is why in order for something to be born , something else must die. So picture this that in order for a life to exist in this wave , it needs to come from a death down and it goes to a death down again. So life and death is not like that.

So to be born is what makes us remember that we are the expression of the spirit trying to experience the knowledge and the wisdom that it has within. So to be born is the beginning of a path of experience that the spirit has designed. The spirit does n't look for enlightenment because the spirit is already enlightened. What is the spirit to try to do then to try to experience that light?

This is why it uses its own light in order to create. So this is why we have to remember that a spirit , an eternal spirit , decided to die in order to become us now to experience in the limitations. So this is why the moment of being born is the specific moment that determines the energy with which we jump into life , the pulse of our life. This is why today 's question of the Virgo system for the Crown chara would be how was your birth?

So this is why the task for today is to acknowledge , to be aware of everything that you have lived during the process of being born. So if you do n't remember it , you have to ask. And if you do n't have anyone to ask , you have to mediate about it. We all maybe have been spoken with our parents about our birth.

One of you may be where adopted , nobody spoke about this issue. I do n't know , it 's one is different. And if you do n't know anything , acknowledge that. Like no one ever told me how I was born.

So the questions would be , I was in a natural birth , I was born in a surgery , I was born in which context , I was abandoned , I was nobody told me how it was. I just do n't remember anything. But sometimes you may say , the first thing that you may say is like , I do n't remember. But no , you do remember.

The problem is that nobody told you to talk about this. And the brain just said , nobody cares. So to remember and to understand the moment of birth helps me to understand the first pulse that pushed me in my life. The people that had a difficult birth for sure , they will have many , they will struggle in the process of changes during your life.

To understand the way in which we were born helps us to understand the way we live our lives today. So for example , just a tiny thing , I was born by a surgery and doctor just took me out of my mom. I did n't push , did n't do anything , I was just there. And suddenly I just was looking around without crying like everyone 's here.

So that gave me the way , the concept of my life being so easy. I live very easy and everything that I do just is easy. It comes very easy because I was born easy. I did n't make any effort to achieve my goals.

I just said , there go. I do n't even cry. And I 'm always trying to see if everyone is doing what they have to do. So when you picture your life , ask yourself how I was born , how was the process of being born that I can relate with my daily life?

And for sure , some of you would say , I do n't understand , I do n't know what to do , I do n't just shut up your mind. And do n't say , no , I do n't know before you just even think about it. This is a task of time. So to understand the first pulse of our life helps us to understand how we are living our lives.

So this can help us to understand next. So basically , this helps us by understand that in the next change that I will have in my life , the next rebirth thing that I will have during the process of my life , for sure , will be exactly the same with the same energy of my birth. So acknowledging this , what I can do is to program my new birth thing. When I recognize from where the things are coming from , I take power from the things that happen.

And this is how I can recognize that I am the only one to decide how I want to live my new life. So that 's the task to write down everything that you know or you remember from your birth thing. So let 's go to the alignment. Today 's vibration is sa.

The statement for today is , I am agreed of ideas. The code for today is the sole pattern , fa. And it says , slowly but surely , energy expands in an in an incessant flow. The universe is an ocean that evaporated , turning into gaseous state , forming clouds that travel through the air , condensing into rain , unique raindrops that fall over mountains and plains , and into snow , each one unique and irrepeatable , identifying into ice until it melts , and flows on streams and rivers , back into the ocean.

The fa is the sound of that journey , the breath of our cyclic history in constant transformation. Sit comfortable , start to focus in your physical body and massage your body. Let 's start to carry the body , messaging the body , giving thanks to it for allowing me to be here and now. Stretch the body and John.

I relaxed the body , I let the weight fall down. I focused my breathing , take a deep breath , and with your imagination , go with the oxygen three or nose towards the lungs , heart , blood , organs and muscles. Take a deep breath and be aware of the heat within your body. I see , realize that this body is made with thousands and billions of cells , observe the cells.

I observe the big greed of beings that create my body. I become aware of just one of those cells , the one that calls my attention , the most beautiful cell that I can see within my body , surrounded by thousands of other cells. Take a deep breath and feel the cell closer to you and with your hands , cares the cell , the sphere. I observe within the cell and recognize inside of it all the chemical elements that holes and create the information of who I am.

They designed my life. This is a mother cell where I can find all the information of who I am here and now. Take a deep breath and dive inside the cell , feel it bigger around you as you go inside of it , feeling the cell all around you. Take a deep breath and feel how you float inside the sea of plasma.

Feel yourself surrounded by the chromosomes made of all these strips of NA , build with all the chemicals that are the books of my life. As I go deeper and deeper , I feel the strips of the NA , the helix , all in between my fingers and around my body. Now I perceive the codes that created my life. I become aware that these are the books , the designs that my spirit has programmed for me to leave , for me to experience.

I recognize that inside is cell. Every word of my life is written. I feel now. I recognize that this is a mother cell and now it 's my mother.

So I recognize that I am inside an exo and oval. I become aware of this ovary cell. Take a deep breath. Take a deep breath and look outside the cell and perceive the light of the eye and coming towards you.

I am sending to your body an spiral shape in the form of an espermatozoid cell. Take a deep breath and I allow me to feel the moment when this is spermatozoid starts to go inside the cell through the crown. At the moment when I feel the spermatozoid getting inside the crown , I feel how the light of the eye starts to shine all around the cell. Expanding its light , changing the magnetism , the pulse , the lighting , the cell.

Take a deep breath and allow this spermatozoid to come through the crown , bring in the eye and the seed of life through the third eye , the throat , heart , plexus and from there it 's light , radiate to the scrum , root , knees and feet. Take a deep breath and feel how the light of the eye starts to divide the cell into one here in me , called the eye. And the other one in front of me named the am , eye , am , meiosis , mitotic. Take a deep breath and I start to expand the life , the creation.

Take a deep breath and become aware of the expansion of the self , of the I am in the cell. So they multiply , form , eight , sixteen and so on constantly towards every direction of time and space. I start to expand as I create my body , the greed of ideas that the spirit has manifest in my body. With the sound I start to create this greed , expanding and creating each one of my organs.

Now from this new reality , my new self , from the I am. So , so , so , so , so. I keep pronouncing the sound once and again. The supernance , the sound , feel how the I am starts to expand , creating the heart , lungs , intestines , stomach , liver , panchitis , times , period , brain , nerves , bones.

I feel the whole body being created by the I am. I observe my arms and hands , feet and legs , my head , floating in the womb of my mother. And is in this moment where I decide to be born fully aware. Being born begins , giving birth begins.

I start to feel my crown starting to go outside the body of my mother , my focus and the intensity of my breath. I feel the light outside radiating the light of my crown. I am the greed of ideas. Take a deep breath and bring my hands to my heart.

So , I take a deep breath. I become fully aware that the greed of ideas that my I am has designed for me are being recreated for me to be born again into a new now. I am now and here. I am ready to be born into a new idea of myself.

Take a deep breath. With this light in my crown , I start to move my body , stretch the body very soft , carraising. And join. And each one at its own time come back here and now opening your eyes.

So , like this begins the process of being reborn. Ten days of process. Each day we will go a little bit more outside. As always , drink a lot of water and rest a lot as I am going to do like a baby.

See you tomorrow at the same time for the third eye. Bye.