You I take a deep breath and become aware of my own physical body. I 've had my attention from the feet to my head. Starting to move softly slowly each joint from the toes , ankles , knees , hip , and every day to run by the fingers , wrist , elbows , shoulders , neck , and jaw. Slowly each joint is on time.

This tension is still not enough. As a result , it 's a part of the body. Pay attention to each movement , how each part of the body feels. I love to yarn , size stretched the body softly in a very smooth dance.

So , if they start to carry its body each part of it softly , softly , a sigh , recognize myself as a result of history. As I remember , my story. I 've become aware of my life here and now of the things that I do. And people , I have around.

I become aware of what is my role in my life. In an instant , I try to think about every fart , every story that brought me here , what I find myself now. I try to remember my history in this life until the moment I was born. I breathe.

And in this history , I find myself with my parents. I visualize , I feel perceived. The image of my two parents , mom , and dad. And inside of them , inside of my parents , which are within me and myself , I can also feel my grandparents , granada , grandmother , and their own parents.

I teach all of them par , as I could reach. And I can feel within all the heritage of all of them , the language is this world. The countries they lived , the experiences , the knowledge that I have done within me. And I start to feel to pursue this family and all history.

The last two thousand years , the three thousand years of humanity , of this history , and technology that always in all this time , there was someone from my family , someone from my inherent. And a psychiatrist , my body , and finding that history. I recognize myself the last 700,000 years of humanity , the three years of creation of our species. I recognize me the last 60 million years that allow the mammals to live in the surface of Earth.

All of them , honoured in me. My honoured all the great creatures of the crotastic , curid and triassic that live in me. I honoured the last millions of years that allowed existence of life of oxygen , the nine taken in breath. My honoured the last 4,500 million years of Earth and the Moon that made me be what I am each day.

I am a product of history. I am a product of history. I am a product of history. I am a product of history.

I am a product of history. I am a product of history. I am a product of history. I think I think I am the history.

I am a product of history. I am a product of history. I am a product of history. I am a product of history.

Thank you everybody for being here another day and as always , see you tomorrow at the same time. Thank you.