Hi everyone , good morning , good afternoon , good evening. How are you today? So we have arrived till the end of the tunnel to the end of the shadows. So 30 days of Scorpio Mountain are close in today.

So 30 days within the darkness of Scorpio and the shadows , but this does n't mean that this ends here. We will of course keep going with the work in our shadows , but next time , I guess we 've from the depth of the darkness and intensity of Scorpio. So I hope that this month was useful for you and that this month has been also helpful to understand your own shadows and the shadows of the world. And also we have to pay attention to having mind that the month of Scorpio has been based , a fundamental for the next month to come.

So today we will close Scorpio with its very specific topic , which is dead. There 's nothing better for this month that ended by allowing ourselves to die. And in order to do that , we are going to try to understand what death. First of all , just a reminder , I do n't know if you did it or not , but the task for this whole month was to try to remember and take note of your dreams.

Because dreams are the way in which our subconscious is talking to us and so that 's the energy of Scorpio. So to pay attention to the information of our subconscious is to pay attention to our dreams. So remember that the advice I gave you to remember the dreams was to take a lot of water before you go to sleep. So you are able to wake up in the morning or during the night and you will be dreaming in that moment.

So that 's a good way to remember it. So death , let 's go into that. Let 's go to the first meaning of I is necessary death. Why death is necessary.

So let 's go to the very beginning of all the things to understand this. As we always spoke , the universe is basically a vibration. The vibration is like a wave constantly , constantly. So we have a point up which is the positive and a point down which is the negative.

So everything that is going to appear in the universe from energy and then in matter , we 'll be just an expression or other distortion of only this movement. So depending on the speed I move through , I will have different frequencies. This movement or this speed will create the different timelines or the different possibilities of this creation. So this movement up is the one that we call the positive in the universe and going in the one that we call negative in the universe.

So to have the picture of how it is is not in two dimensions like this , but this movement is done in a spiral going through. So everything is like a movement of a spiral that in two dimensions we see like a wave. So this spiral is going to be created due to the mind creating itself by division and factorization. So it starts to divide more and more.

So the first thing that we 'll be created is the inside of the universe , we 'll project into the outside. So the one will be reflected into another one and both of them will create the two. So this is how the universe divides itself from one one towards two and their starts to be a multiplication. So one one two three five eight thirteen twenty one.

So that 's the origin number. How the spiral is going to be created. One being protected in another being is equally two one one two. We explain a little bit of the origin number.

So one from the inside projects in the outside as another one. So create two one plus one two and then this one plus two is three. So this means that the only one by this two by the polarity creates the 3. So this is the infinity in the third dimension.

From the third dimension there are five senses that allows to experience the reality. So these five senses are born from the polarity to plus the reality in the third dimension. And this senses will be perceived in the cube which is the eight directions of time in matter. And these times of the cube which is for above and for below this for the this eight directions of time in space will absorb and leave its process through the 13 aspects of the self which are the constellations and the core in the center.

And then we have the twenty one which is the age where you absorb and connect spirit , soul and body altogether. So so on the numbers starts to be explained in this spiral. So this this our expiry is the one coming from the origin pushing us to the evolution , to change to transform and then from that transformation we come back to the core to the origin. From the core within the inside which is the negative.

So this starts to move up towards the positive to create the spiral. So this part also moves first into the outside with the positive. So when you use all this strength to move above. So now you start going down , loose the energy and by the falling down to the negative , you again start to have strength to go up because when you go down like this and you go up again.

So this movement is like an echo of the first strength that you created from the negative from the void and from there you go up again and you go down again and constantly like that. So the image that we hear is that when you use all this strength to go up at the beginning , this strength starts to be lost in a moment and so you start to go down in order to take the strength again to move faster. So when you go down you take the energy again so you go up faster than before and you take the lip. So we have to picture that this is the natural movement of the universe.

Everything moves like that constantly. So this is the natural movement of the whole universe. That 's matter where you are. From the point of view of the costs of the spiritual world , what you perceive from this is that everything is vibration that this movement is vibration.

From the point of view of the soul of the energy , this a consequence of positive and negative , positive and negative. Creating energies. From the point of view of the physical , this is a structural structure with different stages. When this spiral is very wide and subtle , we call that transformation.

Transformation is the changing of the forms or better said is the form going through. That 's the transformation. So if I get all this spiral a little bit more closer , what I have is the faster movement of things. So instead of the transformation , I will call it change.

And this is change because from positive to negative , from positive to negative , positive to negative. And it starts to change constantly. So this movement is the one that we call Kundalini. And when you see it from another perspective , each turn that it does seems like a wheel.

So that 's why we call it charts. Charts Kundalini. So from this universal point of view , charts and Kundalini are not different things , are exactly the same. Which means that a chara is a wheel.

So a wheel that is turning like this. But if you turn the image in this way , you do n't see any more a wheel. What you see is a spiral moving ahead. So which is the Kundalini.

So if it is very wide open , this spiral , we call it transformation through vibration. Different states of vibration. But if I put it shorter , what I have is basically a structure of change which is the Kundalini with different charts. And we also call emotions.

So the image would be that if before it was like that , the vibration , then I have the transformation , then I have here the change. And then you push it even more and you get it more straight. What you have is not anymore neither transformation , neither change. You have crisis , you have breakdowns.

So this would be like transformation. It 's like a way. Change is like this. And then we have the breakdowns.

This spiral by polarity , it creates two. So in the spiritual world , we have two different vibrations. In a communicating in this spiral. In the energetic world , we have two different energies in the soul.

And then in the physical one , we have two different relics of the NA which is a biological one. But this is just the construction of one on the reality which is the spiral in different contractions or expansions. There is not separation between the physical , the emotional soul or the spiritual world. They are basically the same spiral expanded or contracted.

And why is this because in the universe there is only breathing of consciousness which is breathing , breathe out , breathing , breathe out. So we have two different ways of seeing this whole reality that we have described here. One is temporal that we call eternal and we have this partial one from the space that we call ether. Hmm?

So both are exactly the same. But one will create the eternal and the other one will create the ether. That creates the two spirals. So these are the two spirals.

One going left , the other one going right. That are going to be creating the whole patterns of the reality. So all this explanation is for you to understand that everything is eternal. That the ether , the ethnic , the ethereal reality , the ethereal , is exactly the same as the eternal.

But in a different way. So it 's a constant all the time. But what happened? As I get closer and much more contract in this energy.

This movement of the spiral is stronger and harder. So the change from a positive to negative is much more deeper than if it is all wide. So remember that the contraction of all this happens because of we have much more positives and negative positive and negative and positive and negative and attract each other. So that creates magnetism that pushed the forces towards another and everything goes to the center.

So that 's why it starts to contract. So this contraction of the reality when it contracts more and more and more creates faster and deeper changes. So the positive and the negative will be lived through the molecular reality that was created by this gravity. So the molecules will leave this change faster than the energy.

So this contract contraction of the molecules makes that all the living beings that are made with atoms , molecules and cables , all the living creatures perceive and leave. This movement of the universal spiral as live in the positive and death in the negative. So when we leave we are living the positive experience of the vibrational weight , the spiral. And then death is going down.

Of this spiral. So basically what happened in the reality is that this wave of energy starts to create like this movement softly and then starts to compress and compress the gravity until it suddenly it 's so compressed like that that we leave this moment. Very sharp. Life and death.

Life and death. But look at this , there is no moment when the paper was cut. The paper was never cut. It 's always the same paper in different moments.

So this means that life is eternal. We all live forever. So if everything is constant , what makes us live death and life? What makes us perceive death?

Well , death is basically the perception of death or the perception of eternal life depends on your weight of vibration and your level of frequency. The people that are more connected with the spirit , does n't see death. They do n't see death because they see the whole picture. They see what 's happening , the whole path.

But the people that are constructed by fear , they see death. Because the avoid here , they do n't know where it goes. So death is only this curve of the weight. So this explains why we have so many lives.

Because we have death and one life , life , life , life. It 's a constant. And remember , we have two spirals. Remember.

We have one related to time and the other one related to space. So now pay attention to this. We have these two spirals. One of them is the eternal.

And the eternal will be the spiral related to the soul. To all the history of the soul of my clan of the soul , all these people that I call soulmates and so on. And there 's another one , the ethereal , the ethereal will be related with the physical clan , which is the genetic one. So , so I have two spirals.

I have two spirals that there go , combinations combine. One related to the soul and the other one related to the body. So this means two things. One here.

The time one will be related to the history of my soul. The history of my soul. So everything that my soul has lived in different realities and different moments. And the other one , the physical one , is the one related with information of all the lives that I have been being my family , three.

For the spiritual mind , there 's only two realities projected from one , the polarity that we call time and space and we also call soul and body. This is exactly the same for the spirit , but from this point of view , is basically different. So this means that everything is just one. So everything that I call past lives or other people of my true life , they 're not different people.

From me , they 're only the consequence. I am the consequence of other people 's life and I am the consequence of other souls experiences. So if I used to call this death life , death life , death life , death , life , death , I can also call this bad people , good people , bad people , good people. So everything that we use to see like different , they are basically frequencies that are , that are , that are , rest 19 different.

So what is death? Death is only the transformation of a pattern in order to take strength to create a new reality to expand in a new life. What happened if I take complete awareness of all this process? What starts to happen is this.

And this is what we call the turn of life. Now we live in the third dimension , so we live compressed by gravity. So living in a world like this , our goal is not to find the eternal life. Our goal here is to experience and to learn as much as possible in the shorter time possible.

So the reason why we do this is because we are just the physical experience of a higher being that is eternal and decided to experience itself in different ways. Basically the reason why the universe is , is because this is boring. You may be have everything here , you acknowledge everything , but what 's this? So this is why in evolution , much more intelligent we get.

We have more bending in our brain and also we have more wrinkles. In our skin as we get wiser. That 's the allegory of biology. So now remember what is the goal of biology?

The goal of biology is to live as much as possible organized in a specific way. So biology needs to keep alive in the way it is found for itself. Imagine that here in this point you are born. So you are born and you are going up and you grow up and imagine that all this is half of your life.

And now you reach the highest point which is between 40s and 50s. Okay , I 'm talking biologically. So biologically you reached the highest point and now you start to go down to that in the other half of life. So your biology , D , doing it 's all process of growth , who is to reach the highest point and to say this is the good point.

This is what I wanted to reach the high point. So during all this process of going down your body will try to remain here in the best moment of its own development. So to die is seen as a defeat for the body. So what happened here is that when your body is pulling in up so it can remain here.

It 's fighting against that because it starts to be a threat from death. It says I can not die because my whole goal was to be alive. So I should do everything to say a lie. So culturally , philosophical and biologically the body starts to fear.

It starts to fear death. So when you reach the moment of death you just pull up like saying no I want to go back. I want to go back. So when you die you project all the things that you wanted to be.

So now we go to the fourth dimension , the time. If I am a coherent beam this happens. This is a coherent beam. If I am an coherent this happens.

This means that my body and my soul are trying to do different things. So I am not aligned. So now your body starts to die but your soul says no no no no I want to keep going. I want to leave.

I want to because I have so many things to do. So this is the anchor here in Statcreate. Ghosts. Because there 's a lot of people outside of the matter that they are still leaving the same things even if they are dead.

So we have to find coherence. So death is everywhere and it 's one of the most important parts of life. Death is the possibility to give to take a leap into the spiral. From the physical world you perceive it as death.

From the energetic world you feel it as a quantum leap. From the spiritual it 's like just singing. This is why we have to acknowledge that life is not the gift that death is not against life. Death is a part of life.

Is the part of transformation in life. So this is why all the people that die they are not really dead. They just transform themselves into the next leap into the next wave. Which is ourselves.

Is us who are going to leave. The wills , the the the sirens. The dreams of those other people. And this is why when we are not aware of this , what we just do is to inherit patterns.

Everyone who has lived in history before are still alive within us. Living through us. And we will keep living through the ones that are coming ahead. So this is why my job as an aware being here is to to find balance and coherence with the life of all the other ones that created and lives through me in the past.

So I can give that coherence to the next ones in the future. So this does matter if you have kids or not. This is all about we are all one. So if someone knows you , that 's enough.

So this is why today is was important to close with the idea of death. Because talking about death is not saying we are going to die. Talking about death is to acknowledging that this is a continues that this gives going ahead. And death brings us to the shadows because in this valley , when the sun rises in the horizon , and there is a mountain , there are shadows in the valleys.

So when you die , you face all the shadows. So this means that death is the key to your subconscious. That 's why we have to face death. So as much more present , we bring death.

In our lives , talking about death , acknowledging about death. We will be much more able to contact the subconscious. And all the things that we have worked this month will be easily to understand. Come to death.

Or as we used to say , in that time , welcome to life. The path to death. The vibration for today is HE. The statement for today is I am the eternal emptiness.

The code for today is conscious transcendence. Then I let myself die. Die in well-being , life is acknowledging that I am nothing. That this nothing exists.

And everything that I have done is a whole. This way , I give in. Inheriting every feeling , action , in every time and space , knowing that it will come back to me one way or another , as a free , a sigh free myself from perception. I am free.

And for that , I can meet again with the future , transcendent the being I am and overcome it. Jo Desk , I desire. Just a reminder , this is the last day. We listen the music for this month.

And this music was related to the roots. So it was the vegetable kingdom , vegetable kingdom. And from tomorrow , we start with the animal kingdom related to the movement. So I hope you would be able to contact to connect with this music the next month , as I do , with this proposal that you did as brought to us for this next month.

Are you ready to die? Take a deep breath and focus only in your breathing. Self-division , I begin to massage from the crown towards the feet each part of the body , becoming aware of them. Self-division , I am ready to go.

As I touch the body and carry the body , I remind to it that everything that I am doing is for its creatures. Good. Self-division , I am ready to go. Self-division , I am ready to go.

I take a deep breath , relax in my body , and perceive in the body a big forest. Self-division , I am ready to go. Self-division , I am ready to go. I start to walk through this forest , listen to the birds and the insects.

I go deeper into the forest , side-seem , more trees , and it starts to become rain forest. I feel the fresh air , the shadow. You in front of me , I see this huge dream with big roots , long branches , covering the whole sky with its leaves , allowing only tiny race of light from the sun coming through , with appearance of stars in the night sky. I recognize it , this is the dream of light.

I get closer to the dream , touching and creating the charm and thrust. Laying down in between truss , contemplating the sky. I recognize this dream represents the eternity. I represent my desire to create and to live my own vision.

Take a deep breath , and I recognize myself as another root in this tree of eternity. I perceive myself becoming the fruit , being swallowed by the heart of running. My feet and legs , my genitals , hunts and hearts , my back , chest and belly , neck , and the health of my head , letting only my face so exciting. I find myself under the shadows pressed by the tree of life.

I become aware of the seed that lives within me. I become aware that this seed needs to have all the darkness and shadows of this world. All the pressure of this reality in order to grow. So I set my intention that I desire for this seed , being born , and I become aware that the only way that this seed is going to be able to grow and get through this only , if I let myself die , if I tourism it with all my history , with my whole life to create this new dream.

Take a deep breath. This is now when you feel on the sport can walking in your head , hitting it to get beforehand. It 's things you 're pushing it 's poison , your fear of bringing you now to the death of the subconscious , the uterus of the creation. Now I let my whole , I hold down the last breath.

This is a good deep , hovering your face with the mind. Letting yourself be in sorrow by it , to the death of darkness. Take a deep breath , activate the seed that you are. I decide to be reborn and for that I die.

I am eternal emptiness. I am eternal emptiness. Shaping the way you adjust the field of feeling pressure. For only time , you will resurrect.

The only reason why the shadow sounded honest , ask for your souls. You still allow you to restore my夢. From the horizon soft the West , I come , at dawn , I 'm sunset. I call for your souls to come to the shadows , to let your old die a sewage.

And you live. Theme Yes! Death is not the end. Death is the beginning.

Allow yourself to die. I 'm reborn again with a new meaning. Give yourself and your name for your source are bounded by the streams of vibration of the engine songs that you have always played. Listen to the song of your name and let that name die.

What will be your new song? How will you respond? We have still reminding. In the remains of time , eight other cycles to face the dark.

Come and walk aside. We shall show you the path. For his your dark night. We have always asked for your souls.

For they are the source of your light. And for us to create new life. We need the source of those who are not creating. May you become a creator of your own light.

And we will teach you how to use your soul instead of taking it. Death is not the end. Death is resurrection. Death is resurrection.

Death is resurrection. Death is resurrection. Death is resurrection. Death is resurrection.

Death is resurrection. Death is resurrection.