So good night , good day , good evening , everyone. And yes , if you notice it , I shaved. It was , I was trying to shave without wearing glasses. And I went through and suddenly I had to make it all plain.

Just to equal. I 'm looking at me like very weird , but anyway. Welcome to this other day. I hope you 're fine.

And today we are going to work with the plexus , the solar plexus. Remember that we are in the month of Libre during the week of mind. So today we are going to talk about personality and essence. And this is the two sides of this balance that we all have to work with.

So basically it 's more easy for us to begin to talk about everything from the personality , because personality is something that we are more related with. Since we are born , we are in this path of shaping our. Our personality , everyone around us is projecting our. There are ideas on us through our personality.

So this is basically the way in which we understand who we are by personality. So personality for us would be that thing that defines who we are in this life. So why is personality the key to or the anchor the point from where we say we can define ourselves is because in order to understand who we are , we need a point of reference. And this point of reference.

This point of reference usually comes from the outside. And this you can you can tell this by , for example , how you are with your family , how you are with your partner , how you are with your friends , how you are with your pets. Usually we always act a little bit different in each case , depending on the energy of the environment. So this is not something bad.

This is something useful because personality is something that is that is like a tool that helps you to have a better communication , a better linking with all the. The different environments in which I can be moving with. So so it 's something useful , something good. It helps you to be more related with everyone around.

So basically a person with an individual without personality would be someone that can not talk with anyone that can not that can not have any relation with anything around that. That you maybe you are like a tree in the middle of the forest and that 's it. It 's very impossible for a person for an individual to not to have a personality. So if we are in this world is inevitable to have the , is inevitable to have the need of connection not only with people , but with any person.

But with anything I 'm talking about the environment. So it 's like it 's something really useful in order to be able to take benefits or to be related only with the environment where we are. So we have to remember that personality is at tool. We would say maybe it 's a conjunction joint of different tools.

So basically for everyone to understand we have said sometimes that ego is that thing is that tool the ego is the tool that helps us be who we are in this reality. So to say personality personality is a different way in which we could call the ego , but it 's more specific. It 's like personality is like saying this is the ego and now we are going to explain the different parts of the ego. That 's the personality.

So another good thing to know is from where is the personality came from from what from what concept it comes from. So also remember this that the origin of the word person comes from the Greek person that means mask. Okay , so this was something used in the theater at that time. So it was used in the theater.

So the actors and actresses. They could talk and the mask would expand as an echo the message. So the later one , the latest one , the one that are in the back can hear better and also. They could show the faces that they are doing because the people from behind they could n't see properly.

They could n't see properly the expressions of the actor. Okay , and for sure you all know these three faces , the three masks that the sad one , the happy one and the angry one and that represents the theater. Okay , so these three ones were the person is the mask that were used in the theaters to express the character. Okay.

And if I 'm not mistaken character in English comes from from the Latin word , cara , that means face. But I do n't know exactly the origin. So do n't want to make mistakes. So basically this is what we used to talk about when we say personality to put a mask.

So I put a mask to talk with my family and asked to talk with my friends and mask to talk with my partner. So to that conjunction , that gathering of interactions that we have , we call that personality. So what is the problem in our society? That our society thinks that it 's much more important the tool than the one that is using the tool.

In our time , no more times , we can also say that we can we can we can tell how we are. How it 's more important to use what we use the tool than the person because everyone in our time call us users. So we are users , people that use things. Okay.

So that makes us the idea that we are constantly be using something. Okay. So the important thing is to use that to use something. So they the system call us call us users.

And in order to create to be a user , we need to create an avatar and to create an avatar is to make an extension of ourselves. So a fake extension of ourselves to create a login , for example , so we have in the pictures that we choose for our videos and and our chat and so on. There are pictures that maybe they are not even us. We hide in at different projection that we say , okay , in the network , I will be what I want.

So it 's like if everyone is kind of fake. And because and due to this thing of of being users for this society is why in our time , we are more defined by what we are using than what we already are. So basically our society is trying to define us constantly through what we use , what we have , what we do. But not what we are , not what I am.

Basically what happens through our life is that we get so used to be defined by what we use or how we use it or what we do that suddenly we forget who we are. And and and we start to become the tool. So suddenly we become a user and we stop being who we are and stop using the tool we become the tool. So it 's sometimes is really funny because because a lot of people when they do an interview they asked they asked for me , what what what should I put below what what is the what is the name that we have to put it like doctor like teacher like what what are you and I said I always say like I am that 's it that 's all I am and I said no but but how do we present you I am that 's it it 's I am not defined by a title I 'm not defined by something from the outside.

So we usually do that because we are used to do this to define people by labor labor labor label labels. So it 's it 's not bad to put to put labels because the brain is used to do that the brain needs to to classify things to to understand we have spoken about before this is something useful for the brain but but it 's not really useful when you are trying to define who you are. So there is the basic problem of our society today that we end up believing that we are the tool. So for example when we start the path of consciousness and awareness and suddenly we realize that oh this is not me this is not my personality this is not my true self I have to look for something beyond that helps me to understand that I am not this personality that I can be free from all this.

And suddenly we start to look for the essence of the things and and when we start to look for the essence of the things so suddenly we discover that we also have an essence so we need to go into the essence of the things to the essence of myself looking the essence. So suddenly what we have what we start to do is to think that in order to find the essence I have to live personality because personality is the ego is something I have to live behind in order to find the essence of myself. And in this duality I start to be lost because I do n't know what it is the essence but I neither want to be back the personality. When I ca n't find the essence what I do what I do is try to change my personality.

Until the moment I find the essence I will always change my personality once and again this is the moment when we start to change the personality that we feel like the world is not the same that we do n't fit the world. And suddenly people that knew us would say why have you changed you are so different from before and so on. So imagine that here is the essence and here is the personality. If you have like this and you want to reach the essence but you are always in the same spot so it 's not possible to mix each other.

So what your personality is trying to do is to find a new way to do it and then a new other way and then a different way and so on and starts to move all around like this. But what is doing the what is just doing is using the same personality the same personality but from different point of view. So different attitudes of the same personality that now becomes the axis of yourself so you have n't changed your personality you are just using a different aspect of your own personality to try to reach the essence. The people that knew you that knows you doing this when this position when you change your position they wo n't understand you.

It would be very difficult for them to have any clue of what they are saying. Again and again. So these are the concepts that we start to say like I do n't fit in this I do n't fit in this family I do n't fit in this friendship I do n't fit in this personality. So in this circle that we are spinning around the essence what are we doing we are perfectly doing beautiful mandal.

So trying to escape from the personality to try to reach the essence what we have n't realized was that we have been shaping our essence. So essence what the question would be so what is essence so essence comes from the Latin word. That means to be okay to be so it 's simply to be that 's it. So essence comes from the word essence that is the ability or the quality is already the quality to be that 's it.

So the essence is not something subtle it 's not something you smell it 's not something energetically the energetic is not something you pursue. No essence is basically the quality of just saying I am. So this is why what when we say I 'm looking for my essence what we are really doing is to rotate around the essence with my personality. So the essence would be the center saying I am and today I use this tool I am and today I use this tool I am tomorrow I will use this tool I am yesterday I use this tool I am today I will use this tool.

Today I will use this tool that 's it and you create the mandal constantly around you. So first basically essence and personality are not different things. The personality is the tool of the essence. So now think about this this is the essence fixed in the center and this is my personality all going around like this changing through time.

Once and again as a torus. Now you are going to see how this works by looking at this. So we usually have one paul for family another one for friends another one for partners another one for for work another one for the pets. Okay so like this so we have this constant cycle.

So we can also have this through our whole life like for example childhood , purity , teenage hood , youth , adult and old. Okay like different times also for different personalities. So also we can have the personality changing around when for example when I discovered that reality is not what I expected when I had when I started to see videos in YouTube when I started to when my initiation in in Ray. My first ceremony of Ayahuasca and so on okay so it 's all going to change this is something that we usually have that happens naturally in earth we call it solstice and equinox.

But for us is personality so something natural constantly happen. So what we are doing by this is flourishing the I am the essence with the different information emotions data. Okay from different perspectives. Perfect.

So for example when the circuit starts to make like this we call that polarity we call that we call that schizophrenia okay it 's not moving properly. So the polarity polarity would be that the two poles are moving okay so it 's like the essence also lost the balance so what we have to do so what happens to us is like the essence is also trying to to find how to match but it ca n't be so the personality on the self the beam are like two different selves now. So for example something that also can happen is when the self opens itself so much that suddenly it 's not a close system but it 's an open system so this personality starts to roll here but it opens itself so another one can also attach and start to move like two personality. So this personality is rolling in one essence this this means that that new information from other beings like channeling like from other levels of consciousness or other lives memories from other from other times they are coming to you.

And we are talking about going back to the essence is not living the personality is to recognize the axis of the essence recognize in the axis of who I am so I can use the personality in a proper way that 's what would be. This is the last thing I say I guess so for example I will use an example of myself but first you have to understand this when you read your your chart the chart of birth astrology you may say oh this is what defines what I am because it explains specifically all my things all the things that I am but it 's not what you are. All the explanations of the chart are the tools that you have to use in this life but they do n't define you they are not you those are the tools you choose at the moment you were born. So as you may see the essence does n't have any relation with with the personality but the personality is the thing that helps you to receive the information of your experience.

So for example I was saying Spanish that I used to call my essence as gun to make it kind of a difference even if we are one but for example I would say gun okay this is my vibration from inside so Matias is the personality and Matias is the the tool that gun needs to be used. So it 's in order to do what it 's doing so everything that I do is useful for myself for the essence that I have is not for another being is not for a superior being is for myself but here for example if I if if gun would n't have the personality of Matias he would n't be able to explain anything because gun would be like like this constantly so so he needed me as a Leo as a Leo being able to explain to to being in front of the people without fear all these kind of things and also to have in Mercury in in cancer to explain like I 'm doing like a teacher because I love to explain to talk and those things so my strategy explains my personality and my personality is not what I am are the tools that I am using so gun my essence can transmit the information if I would n't have the personality we would n't be here when we recognize what is personality we understand that we are a tool that the personality is a tool that is not me the personality doing all this that is me using all this to allow the essence to do its job basically. So just the last thing to say this is why also I say this is useful for the self to work and to do its job because in my personality I have rising capricorn so I always think about we have to do it properly to work and this is why I 'm doing this 365 days each day giving you some homework and if I would have rising prices for example the information would be more lovely and more more about how the self is is all love and and service and all that and that is why I always tell to you to listen to other people because you need to have more perceptions or perspectives because what I am saying is not the real truth is the personality trying to deliver in a different way the truth that I have within. So this is why we have so many personalities problems until we can find the axis of all that personality we will have all these problems.

Let 's go to the information of today the vibration of today is near. The statement for today is I am destiny of integration. The code for today is the physical pattern. It says during the fall the beings side is focused on the hope of being collected by the ethereal by the invisible for its only cushion in the album.

This way looks to the heavens , starts to the heavens , hopeful to find the answers in the signals that lay in the subtle patterns of reality. For the physical world is no longer safe. The is the sound of the celestial where the guides , masters and angels shelter those who get lost in the density. Let 's go to that.

Let 's go to the tweet. Sit properly , sit comfortable. So we begin by stretching the body , messaging. Like this we discharge the energy.

We can shape the body and we start to leave the weight , fall down , the shoulders fall down. And I just focus on my breathing. And I just focus on my breathing. And I just focus on my breathing.

And I just focus on my breathing. And I just focus on my breathing. Take a deep breath , feeling the air coming inside through your nose towards the lungs , heart , blood , organs and muscles. I feel the air moving inside my body as wind.

And I just focus on my breathing. And I just focus on my breathing. I perceive that the air outside and the air inside are like it is. And I feel so light , soft , that I can even feel that I am floating.

As I take a deep breath , I feel the breeze around me , taking me to the imagination of being at the edge of mountain , observing a big and beautiful valley below. And all this amazing sighting all around me. I feel the wind , the breeze coming from the valley , pushing all my skin from my feet to my head. I feel the axis of my body as the wind pushes it first on the feet.

The legs , hip , waist , chest , hands and arms , shoulders , neck and my head. Until I feel the breeze waving my hair. Take a deep breath. I position my hands with my palms towards the sky.

I perceive the light of the sun heading to my head through the crown , the third eye , the throat , the heart and the plexus. I perceive how the light of the sun starts to create and makes , radiate and inner sun in the center of my body , the solar plexus. I perceive how the light of this inner sun starts to radiate the light towards my hands. I perceive this two rays of light heading to the palms and lighting them , filling the readiness of this light as if it is liquid gold.

I recognize that in one hand I find my essence and in the other hand I find my personality. I become aware that the essence is the core , the axis of who I am , of my being. And I become aware that my personality is the joint of tools that myself is using. I recognize that it is not necessary to look for the essence because I am.

I recognize that I do n't have to get rid of the personality in order to be , that instead I have to learn how to use it to be. Take a deep breath and with all this awareness I begin to put them both together through the vibration of my sound. Through the sound I start to bring my hands to my heart , unifying these two concepts in my heart. I recognize that I am the destiny of integration.

Take a deep breath. And softly I begin to bring this consciousness through my body , crossing , messaging , stretching and joining. And I come back softly here now , opening my eyes. I wo n't ask you each one of you how you feel because you are like 3000 people.

But I hope you are well. Always drink a lot of water , rest and I will always see you tomorrow at the same time for the sacrament. Bye.