I 'm going to do a lot of stuff. Following work today , I worked on a lot of blender shots for my main channels video. I saw like a broken record at this point because I 've made so many different things for my main channels video that at this point , I feel like it should be done. But once again , it 's because I 've been scrapping it and working and reworking and trying to find something that works for me.

And I think this one I actually really like , I 'm actually really okay with this. And I will be dropping this one like. . .

Probably since I 've been working on this quite a while this week , I 've made a lot of shots and intro for this video. Is n't even all that shots I 've made more than that amount. Just because the sound was that short , I could n't find all of them. Like a cohesive manner , I just decided.

I 'll save it for like a future video. My favorite shot is like without a doubt that jellyfish shot , and that 's something that I worked so much on because it takes out at least three to four hours to make that scene. Because not only was the genie , the jellyfish , like , model , not like. .

. It does n't light up like that in the real model. I had to light it up myself with like , little point lights that fall around the jellyfish and just are animated with it to make sure that the jellyfish is n't intersected with it when it 's doing its way to modify it. And that might make no sense.

But when you see it , it looks really cool because the point light follows it in a way where it does n't even look like it 's being illuminated. It feels like the jellyfish is actually illuminating itself. Which is a really cool effect. And I think that it was worth a while.

All of it for those. . . Four seconds of animation.

So , that 's definitely something that I 've been working on a lot. And I worked on a couple other shots and I 'm going to be rendering them throughout the night. I found a really interesting hack. It 's just render them and then I go out and do something else because I ca n't use my computer basically when it 's rendering.

I ca n't draw anything because it begins to lag all the other software. So I just go out , I just like leave it on like , you know , I 'm out. I 'm going to do this later. That 's a really cool thing that I 've been trying out and working on this project has been really interesting in the site until like storytelling.

I 'm always out of things because this is something where I have n't really written out a story for , but I 've been working on like cookies in the air before this. I am building up the shot in my head right before I do it. And I 'm just like , would n't that look really cool? And then I just go out and do it in Blender like second.

And then after this , I 'm going to stick by my principle of like 16-thinero rather than 16-thin that time. I 'm going to stick to this. I 'm going to keep working on focusing and optimizing a schedule. And hopefully that makes me go further because I realize I do n't have a lot of time left.

I genuinely do not have a lot of time left. So I 'm going to make the most of all a time I have. I want to build up my skills but I 've been lacking on the things that I need to do in work to keep practicing and building these things. So I 'm going to keep working on that and trying to fix it into my schedule and become consistent and epic.

That is like I 'll be up most of the important. So I 'll finish this video. Work on my next comic. I 've already decided this story for it.

I have like almost everything laid out from this draft I made eight months ago. So I 'm really excited for that. And honestly , I 've been thinking a lot about what it means to like keep going forward. And despite like the stress and like everything , I think it 's really fun.

I think that doing this compared to like doing a call , my going to college , doing schooling , I would take this any day because even though it is stressful , even though there are all these like caveats to this experience that I 'm like going towards this thing that I constantly keep like feeling. I 'm really happy with the choice because I think that the end result is something that I really want more than anything. And I 'm okay with this stress because I see it as the path necessary to achieve that goal. And if it means that I have to make 400 of these videos , I have to make 400 more videos on my main channel that I can make 300 Instagram real all these things , short form content , practice for over 400 hours , drawing , practice , like all these different things make over at the thousand shots on planter.

I will do that over and over again. If that means it 'll achieve like a micro stretch even like all. I will do that over and over again because I think that that is such a necessary part. I 'm okay with learning all these new things and doing these things because the goal at the end is something that I really treasure.

It 's something that I 'm really looking forward to. And I think that the longer you wait for like the results of your thing to come , the bigger the payout is going to be. If I bet on backpack from billion times I lose every single time and I bet bigger and bigger and bigger and every single loss , eventually when I win and I will win , I 'm going to get over trillion dollars. That 's just how it 's going to be.

If you keep betting higher and higher even if you lose , eventually you will win and eventually you will get that giant payout. You will get it and will make everything worth it. Depends , this is the one-time effort for a result that you get to keep basically forever. And I 'm not saying like in the vanity metric like , oh , you could be best in the world forever if you just get to do this one time.

You know that 's not how it works. But you get to keep this result of your progress in yourself because you become someone different at the end of it. On the other side of the mountain , you become someone different. And that 's what I am most excited for.

I wonder who I will be at the end of this. I think that that 's something that 's really interesting. Looking back on this , I wonder who I 'll be. And that 's something that I really look forward to finding it.

I think that that 's going to be a really interesting , really interesting development. Thanks for watching.