Alla to all. Hi everyone , how are you? Good morning , good afternoon , good evening. And welcome to all of you to the month of cancer , the last month of our path of our journey.

So we begin with our mind week of our month of cancer. For all the new people that is watching these videos from now , I remind you as always that our month of cancer begins today because we are not following the calendar 's , the astrological calendars. We are following the central astrology , neither the tropical astrology , we are following the lantern calendar , which is based into the writing of star series in horizon. And that day is that we start to take the whole year.

So that 's why for us today begins cancer , which is not related specifically with the constellation is related to the concepts that we live during this year of time on earth. So once clarified this , let 's begin. For our reminder , during this whole month , we will work with the Holy Sacred family , the Holy Trinity of the mind , the universe of mind , which is subconscious unconscious and conscious. The first week of the mind , we will go through the first concept , which is the subconscious.

So I think we will be according to the subconscious. The next week will be , which is for the emotional , we will be inside the aspects of the unconscious and the third week and last one of the physical , we will work with the conscious. So to start with this next 30 days of cancer , let 's begin with explain a little bit of what is cancer , what is the energy of cancer. First of all , let 's go through the name , why do we call it cancer?

Cancer is from Latin and the name in Latin is Cancer , Cancer , Macris , so also Cancer , and it comes from the inner-pean world , Macris , which means something to protect , a shield to something strong , heart , that protects. Cancer basically means Crab. So how do we define a crab? Basically , by something that is really soft inside , very weak , that is covered with something really hard to protect the inside.

Also the movement of the crab as the crab is working , reminds us also about something related to the psychology of cancer , which is the walking side by side and backwards. So this means that walking side by side is we can say that it 's related to the ones that has a side , to the people that has with it like the family as a group. And walking backwards means that in the psychological idea of this would be that is a person or a concept that sees everything from the point of view of past like melancholy. And of what would have been thinking what would have been if this kind of ideas , no stylistic.

And of course this Crab has very big , how to say this , I do n't know the naming English like these things. So what they do with this is to defend. They defend the weak , defend the ones close , thank you , thank you , the close. So they defend the ones that are around the the the known ones , the ones that they need to protect the the most soft and weak sensitive bounce bounce that the person have.

So it 's related to the love between the closest ones and so on. So in the opposite to pieces , which is the unconditional love for everyone. Center would be the. The love related to those to whom that person knows like.

Protective the to the ones that that are in the family the most close is one. So of course that cancer is one of the signs that is much more possessive and jealous from all the signs. Regarding those who. That person loves.

So the reason why we close this month with cancer is of course because. We are setting our intention to. Work for those who we know for mother nature for. And we are living being in this planet that is related to us as a whole family.

And to recognize the. The love for all the things that are around and close to us. Because in this spiritual path we usually look for love. Into other dimensions look for love.

Into other planets. But. Uh , one of the things that we have to embody. For our work of consciousness.

Is our love for those who are here for the people of this planet for the animals and this planet for. The nature here in this planet inside this mother that we call error that is protection. So this month is basically dedicated to. The love of these kids of this children.

Throughout the subconscious unconscious unconscious. Of the lips within this big mother that we call error. So of course that. Cancer is a sign of water and is the one that you can really tell.

It 's water because can express their emotion. It 's emotions very well. Remember that from the very beginning most of the cultures were related to water. Calling it like a way to be making with the divine as something as that embodies the divine.

And so basically the water is a way to connect to the divine and for cancer easier to to relate with the inner water which are the emotions. So that 's why usually people say. We say cancer is about crying. It 's easier for cancer people to cry about anything.

So this is why the mind of cancer is much more related to the different kinds of water. And this is why through the mind week we will go to different topics related to the different bodies of water. And this is why we begin today with mist. So for me it 's difficult sometimes to communicate from the cancer point of view because I do n't have.

I do n't have actually much water in my astrological chart basically nothing. So the only thing in cancer that I have is is mercury. This is why my cancer is related to the communication is related to. To explain things like to kids like like a mother.

That 's why I get I guess that I 'm easily. For me it 's much more easier to explain and to have patients when I explain things. Yes. So I think that the only time you saw in crime and being really sad was in January.

And it was the first time in a long time too. So not easily crying myself. But I see you have seen. I am trying to embody the formation that we are working with every month.

So I do n't know how it 's going to be this month if I 'm going to cry or not. But I started very weird. I am very weird right now. So the reason why I 'm weird for sure you will know if you read the post.

Because the post today it was much more than just an explanation. I had no idea what I was writing about until I found myself inside a therapy. I felt like I was in the therapy with a psychiatrist. With a psychiatrist called.

For me it was very very heavy , very deep because I did n't expect it. What I wrote for me was like actually a therapy. I felt like very gaseous and trying to process. My cells are trying to understand things.

And well it was a very public therapy because it 's public but those kind of things usually should be private. Not being read by thousands of people. But anyway that 's why I feel like so we are right now. I think that I believe that this month would be kind of like this.

The next day it would be like that also writing like in a therapy in such a way. And even if I started to write it in that way with their personal things , I would like to recommend you to not to read the post as if you are reading about my life. Like kind of an entertainment. But try to read with your own.

Maybe your own life is different. But try to find the tools that might help you to integrate. So today basically I wanted to share with you the idea of mist , which is related with the concept of confusion. So first of all let 's go to understand why is the mist.

And mist is basically a cloud. We usually name these expressions like the clouds. And clouds and mist are basically condensation. Is the change of the molecular composition of water is one of the most subtle compositions of water besides the humidity.

And clouds are basically this product of this molecules transform itself. So the clouds condensate by the temperatures in the atmosphere and mist condensate themselves by the wet floor. So it 's produced in the ground. So basically there are clouds but one of them the clouds are produced by the condensation in the atmosphere under the one in the ground in the mist.

Okay so what is mist? What is mist? Remember that the reason why we have clouds and mist is because condensation. So as I said this condensation is basically how the molecules of water condensate depending on the temperature of the environment.

So remember that whenever it 's heat is hot the molecules spread , they 've been spread. But when it 's start to get colder they condensate the word condemns means all the things get much more dense. So basically it 's like dense city. So condensation is the ability of something to become much more dense.

So altogether. So the thing is that when the heat of the ground or the heat of the atmosphere they spread this molecules we call a humidity. The humidity is the water that is mediating there in the air because it 's spreading. But when the coal arrives they start to condensate again.

So humidity is like the most weather than we have the mist and the clouds that it 's a condensation of the humidity. And then when they got much more condemns they are drops of water they create rain. The water. So this is why it rains from the clouds.

It 's not because water is in the clouds is because the clouds are water. It 's in the ceiling to explain this but I guess some people did n't know about this for sure because I 've seen it. I was playing the Spanish that I 've heard once the last president of Spain saying the sentence. This is a thing.

I think that it 's not like when it rains from the sky that nobody knows how. That was a quote of the president of Spain once. So I thought that it was so funny. Well as I said we actually know why it rains and it 's not because of there 's water falling from the clouds is because the clouds are basically water condensation.

And one of the reasons why it 's white , why we can not see throughout the. Why we can not see throughout the clouds or the mist is basically because the light particles that heat and reflect the water. They spread into all the colors that we see as white. Okay , so it goes through them through the water and spread the race all the race into white and remember that the oxygen.

The oxygen that is in the air the hydrogen that is in the air they reflect the light from. The drops of water. So that 's why the light can escape because there are so many particles and they start to reflect so much so much in between the particles of water and the environment that we see all white that we can not see anything. And behind because the light is like trapped heating all the particles of water.

The molecules of water and air. That 's why we see the clouds is white. So once we understood this scientific part. Let 's write to understand this ecological part of what.

The clouds and what the mist can affect on us. So what is the psychological point of view of the clouds. Clouds are in the atmosphere. So they have different layers in the atmosphere.

So they are above our heads. So they divide our point of view from earth from heaven. So we can understand that. We can all relate that we usually project the idea of divinity in the skies because throughout.

Thousands of years we have been a species that we 're projecting the divinity into the skies. We were projecting the image of the god into the sun and the light of the sun. The divinity in the reflection of the moon. We we we organize the the our life according to the cycles of the light of the moon.

And we were following the stars. So we kind of picture the divinity the connection with the with the spiritual world with the transcendental reality is the dimensions of the divinity god and everything up there in the skies. And the clouds are kind of like. Look point with all that.

So what would happen when a cloud goes. In between the sun and us so we see shadows. So we are a friend of shadows so when the clouds cover the entire skies. We lose the connection with the divinity with the divine.

We lose the connection with our idea of the cosmos of the spiritual realms. We lose the idea of the of the time because we do n't know where is the sun. So we do n't know how to calculate how how time how much time has happened. Also when it 's rainy we kind of go inside and we want to be protected.

Sometimes comes storms that destroy things and makes us care with lining and. So clouds basically are a middle point in between the divinity and us so clouds are also symbol that can. This tour. The connection between the divinity and us.

Of course we have to because we are aware that there is no clouds as equal in every part of the planet. So we have. We have upon or below the tropics we have much more. Clouds much more condensation because of the cold of of the poles.

So in those countries you have much more. Cloud days with rain and mist and all these kind of things so. Those cultures live without the connection to the sun as the others do so this is why during a long period of time these people. Goes much more inside they feel much protected.

And if you much more protected with the clouds. They feel much. In silence like they do n't communicate much they are just much more going within and this kind of things in those cultures. As for the countries or territories that are.

In between the tropics which is much more. Sunny days for sure they feel very depressed when they see clouds when it 's all covered. They can not stand that and they also because if there is much more light and so on they communicate much and. They talk one over the other and so on.

And also regarding the beliefs. The countries that does n't have much connection with. With the sun so it 's much more cloudy and so on they tend to develop much more deeper relationship with themselves. Reading learning about many things sped in a long lot of time mediating.

So this why in the cold countries usually they. They grow inside much more than in the hot countries that they. Have much more connection with the sun so they can protect much more. Their life.

To at the inline to one of his divine. So that 's why they are much more related to God. I religion this talking about the upper part. So what happened with missed with the fog.

Mist. Is different from what the clouds does with the connection to something that is. Intangible something that you can not. Related.

All up there. But missed is basically the one that. Disconnect ourselves from what is around from. Our.

Worldly reality. And that. Does n't allow us to see what is right. In front.

Line or a side of us. The world. The reality that we can relate with we can not see it. So missed.

Is something that disconnect us. From. As I was saying. Something that just disconnect us from.

From what is there. So all of us are surrounded by. And this missed is basically. We call this subconscious.

We all live this. Inside of us. We all have that. And we call it confusion.

It 's basically. And concept. Of what. Chemically we call condensation.

Condensation was. Physically. So put all the different things. Condensed.

All together. In a density. So confusion. Is the fusion.

Which is to. Melt to the difference. But many of them. That 's why confusion because it 's a conjunction of things that.

Are founding. They. Fuse. To one another.

The confusion is basically so many things that we can not connect. And this is why we can relate. The. Mist.

With the subconscious. The subconscious is like this. Huge. We 're all the concepts in our life.

Are finding. Are. Making fusion. All together.

And we can relate. The. Because. When we receive the clarity the light of the sun.

In different wavelengths. We can call us. We can see. The seven colors of the rainbow.

But when this seven colors. Heat. The molecules of water. And they are not just falling.

But they are. Floating. All around. Making a mess.

So all the colors of the rainbow of the all this wavelengths. Start to heat one another and they all make a fusion. Created the white. The color white.

This is why we see a white cloud. White. Follow. All the colors are.

Mixed. Are condensed. And. And that brings confusion.

So as a summary. Then in the physical world. We say. Conversation.

In the psychological world. We say. Confusion. But it 's the same thing.

In the confusion. The particles get together. So when the light comes. From the seven.

And. And. And. And.

And. And. And. And.

Times. And. Cue. A.

College of the rainbow. They get mixed. And the into color white. That 's why we have hours and.

That 's why we have. We have Smiths as white. And. And.

And. You do n't know how to organize them so you have your mind in blank. So it 's basically the same within and outside. So why this happened by condensation , which is basically not processing one thing that we are taking away.

I guess that the greatest example that we can give now of condensation has been this whole year. This whole year , nonstop , no Saturday night free , nothing. We have been receiving information every day from different topics. And we have no time to rest to press one of them.

So , arise at this moment that we have no clue , no idea where are we. We spoke about something or not in which month we explained this. It 's all so much and too many things that I have to handle that. We started to get confused about many things.

Because we do n't get the time to process that information. But there is a goal in all this. The goal of all this path is that we can reach the last day of all this year with our mind in blank. So the reason we are willing to find our mind in blank.

It 's because the real knowledge , the everything that we are , is inside of subconscious and subconscious. Does n't have logic. The conscience is every old mixed. So it 's impossible to try to understand it.

It 's impossible to put rules in the subconscious. The only way in which you can really access the subconscious is by feeling it. Not just to understand it with logic. So why are we doing this whole year is to take the data , take the data , take the data , take the data to put it into the subconscious.

So eventually when we reach to the blank , we can find out all the data that we need by feeling it. This is the importance of mixed. Because it 's not just the mist telling us that we are not paying attention to the environment. So the things that we have around , that we can not see them , it 's hidden by the mist.

But also the mist is there to let us know that if we do n't see it , it 's because there is something much more greater that is around us. And what we are supposed to do is to stop looking for it and start to feel it. And this is why , or how we activate the attribute for this whole month , which is , I feel. This week we change vibration.

The vibration is raw. The effort today is I am the cosmic dreamer.