Hi everyone , good morning , good afternoon , good evening , all you. So our second day of the German 9. So let 's go to the topic for today. Is to search and deny.

This type of search and deny is something that has been conditioned in us living beings since the very moment of creation of our existence. So throughout the entire history , we 've been living through the path of search. And also , of course , the 9 parts of the reality. And even today , we are bonded to these two concepts.

So we are connected to a life of constant sick and also of constant. So first of all , let 's go to what it means to search and what it means to deny. Of , search , totally different from in Spanish. The word search comes from Latin from a very different concept from this.

It comes from Latin from the word maker cum. Maker cum is research. Yes , it is a mispronunciation of kir cum. Their cum , Rheirir.

It 's a concept that means to go around a circle. Kir cum means circle. So due research is to go once and again in circles. That 's what it means.

So it 's related to the time when we were about to go to hunt , like going for food to hunt some deer or whatever in the forest. The people used to go in circles and make a trace a perimeter on a territory. So they could find better what it was inside of that territory. So make a circle on the territory was to make a kir cum.

So to make a series , a series. And that 's why to make a walk around it was a research. That 's the concept. So in Spanish we go to a forest to look for something.

And in English we do a circle around a territory to find something. A perimeter. The word deny. The night comes from the same origin as near in Spanish.

The night comes from ne. This word ne that means no languages. So no. And the word no is talking about something that is void.

Something that is not there. So to say the birth of something that is not there when you try to speak about something that is not there , you add ga or ne go ne go. So negate in Latin negate is the word for the description , the verb , the action of saying that there is not the the of something that there is something that is not. So in Spanish in in in in in Latin there is a sentence which is de negate.

De negate which means the action to point that there is nothing that is impossible. So this like there is like off it means off in in in English. It 's like off negation that would be okay so there. So in English all this part of the verb becomes a why.

So that 's why the nine. Hmm , did nine. The same orange. So the relation between these two words is very important.

Because when we say we go to make a search as a research of something , it means that we are going to walk around , walk around , research for something. But if you find nothing , if there is nothing for you to to hunt or to harvest or whatever , you could n't find thing , we would say that the journey was denied because there was nothing. It 's void. So it was denied.

So from where this research and deny begins , it begins from way , long time ago in the atom level. When we go into the atomic realm again , the sub-atomic particles , they are looking for other particles to to find the whole like you have a atom that is in a lack of of electrons for example. So you are looking for those electrons , wondering , searching for them in the environment. So they are looking for that and willing to catch it from the environment.

But sometimes if they do n't find the electron or the proton they need , will be because the environment does n't have them or are stuck in another one. Our stuck in another structure. So they are tied to us because we do n't have enough strength to catch them. So the denial and research are things that come from the sub-atomic realm , not only from us.

Through our various years , the atoms and molecules are developing themselves in order to improve in the way they can research for energy. So if all this history , every living being that exists , every being that exists are just atoms reorganizing themselves to try and to look for much more and better energy from the environment. This is a constant research. The concept of this reorganization is a constant research.

And the constitution of a structure that is already organized is the origin of the denial that you need something new to complete yourself. I hope that this concept was understandable. And if not , I will repeat it again just in case. So you can pay more attention.

Evolution existence is a constant research for energy for me to be complete. And then if I got everything that I needed and I structured that as a shape , I hold as a shape and I say that anything else to complete myself because I am completed right now in the structure that is what we call denial because the denial is to say that there is nothing else that I need. There is nothing more that can complete me. So that 's when I do not.

And pay attention to this to feel that you are completed. The Duke complete yourself is called denial. So now the question would be , is there any time , any moment , or any way in which I can really be complete? No.

The reason why that I am complete is the basis of denial is because the universe is all. And there is nothing really outside that really exists. It 's everything just an idea. There is nothing that can really complete me because we are eternal.

Everything is one connected through networks. So it 's impossible to get something really complete to you because you can go through thousands of things every time. So the idea of saying I am complete , I have everything that I need. It 's a denial and inner denial to the actual truth which is that you are eternal.

Okay. But the problem is that biology has been seen with the goal of filling up the stomach , filling up the heart and filling up the mind. We start to think that we have to fill up the mind because we have to fill up the other organs. But let 's think properly about this.

This , the biology has been designed in a research for nutrients that can fill up our stomach , for oxygen that can fill up our lungs and of data and information from the environment to fill up to understand and the surroundings. The cells were evolved to do that. But now think about this. When you eat , what 's next?

Remember that they just have system with Spoken last week. Then comes the x-quip or system. So when you eat , but you do n't let go , you do n't go to the bathroom. You explode , you die.

It 's very uncomfortable. So when you have been here in the heart , what could happen if you say I feel my heart? When you say I feel hurt , what happened to your heart? The heart needs to be filled with blood in order to keep going.

But if that blood does n't get out of the heart , your heart will explode. It can hold it. Bam. And what happened in the brain?

When you fill up the brain with many information and data and things , ideas , but you get with all of them. You do n't give space for new ideas to come. It can have a headache. We can have a stroke stress.

So now let 's go to the subtle conceptual aspect of this. So now I imagine that you eat and eat a lot. So you feel fulfilled. That you just say , I ate everything that I needed.

So I 'm full right now. So I do n't eat anything else because I accomplished my mission of being fulfilled here. So you will lose the opportunity to taste many new things , to taste new food , new flavors. And what happened for some of you to start to love on one so hard?

Did you say , I 'm full filled. I 'm full filled with this person. This is my other part. So I need that person to leave with because I 'm full with this love.

And suddenly that person abandoned me and there 's a pierce. And I say , what do I do with this? How can I now , how can I love again? I want to be able to love again because my all my love was for that person.

We have to learn to open our hearts to know new people. To know new ends. Some people that the fellow in love , they stop even to see their friends. They close their love for that person.

That 's it. We have to know how to open to let new people to get inside our hearts. And what happened then in the mind , in your brain , when the people start with ideas , they say , this is all I believe. This is my faith.

This is what I have inside and nothing else. So I do n't think about anything else. This is just in my mind. This pattern of belief.

Nothing can change my life. My thinking , the way I see things. People close to new things , thinking , to questions , to open their minds , to understand new ways. So these people are denying stability that there are many more options.

These people are denying the possibility of knowing new people. These people are denying the possibility of solving new things from the world. These people deny the concept of filling yourself with feel. Plenty.

It 's a synonym of negation of denial. So usually some people , not only the people think about denial or something that comes from the outside. Someone is denying something. I am being suppressed.

I am not being allowed to do something , but it 's not about that. The main denial is within the first one. So we have to take a look within to understand what are we denying before we know the rest of the outer denial. And the way we know which we can understand what are we denying.

It 's the pay attention to what are we looking for. In the first moment , by nature , we are looking by need because of necessity of things. We need to eat , we need to feel safe. Once we stop looking for food and for safety because we are already guarded , we start to look for , to make a research through the will.

We start to become willing to look for something. To go beyond. So this need that we have inside. It 's something we are looking for.

This constant research needs. This constant research and the needs takes us to the biggest idea of research that we have in our life from the spiritual way. Which is the paradise. I wrote about that in the blog today , which is the research of paradise.

Something that we said in our minds , like the last point where we will reach this heaven where everything is part. But if we look into history , the origin of the idea of paradise is something that the nomads created going through the desert. They were looking for glasses , they were looking for places where there is water. So there is water and sometimes it was a lie and you have to keep going.

So only those who were brave to put through the desert through the suffering , they could find the real glasses. And the first one is to create walls of mud around to protect the holy water , to protect life , the plants , the created garden. And walls may of mud in the ancient languages of the Middle East. It is fire des , fire des , and fire des means wall of mud.

And it comes the word fire des paradise , paradise. Is the origin of the paradise? So the idea of paradise was emerged from the need of food and water. Our constant research of our needs are the ones that keep us looking for something through needs until we find it and we are filled with what we found.

So we call that the paradise. This is not something someone created for us to be trapped in an idea of being looking for a paradise. No , nobody did that. It was called something that just happened because some people told some people that you have to look for that oasis and stories started to create religions and ideas of looking for this perfect place.

So we humans started to look for and look for it. But sometimes some of those humans found something and they say , oh , this is the paradise I was looking for. So you get stuck with that paradise and they say , I do n't need anything else. I do n't need to look for anything else because I found it.

I think that this is the right one. So I say , I have faith that this is and I do n't need anything else. So sadly , I deny the rest , I deny all the possibilities. So even if it hurts , faith is basically the biggest denial to God.

God is everything. So if I deny the rest of the parts of God because I believe that God is only the part that I believe in. I am basically denying God. And we can for example start to make this for our own lives.

Like , like , when you deny something or stuff like , I 'm not like this. So I do n't deny this. I deny what you are saying because I 'm not like that or or I do n't think that I need to learn about this because I already know I do n't a lot about that. When we start to do this , we are denying.

We put some limits to our research because we believe that research is to complete something. And if the universe is eternal , this means that the research is eternal. This means that the truth you will never find a complete truth and absolute truth. Because we are all the time trying to understand and reach a new point of view of that truth.

So the exercises that today gives us is to ask ourselves , what is what we are looking for in our life? And of course , what are we denying in life? And the way in which you will know what are you really denying is not asking yourself is like asking to your friends , to your partners , to your family. And the way you will realize that is something that you are denying is because it hurts and someone tells you that it hurts.

Sometimes we deny good things from us , sometimes we deny bad things from us , but both of them hurt because we deny them. And it 's or believe of denial where we find our limits. Where we deny is what is the limit in us to the world. The vibration for today is sigh.

The statement for today is I am a spiral of dimensions. The statement for today is I am a spiral of dimensions. The go today is the crown chara hypothesis. The air g that gives life and sense above is the crown chara that shines with a wide intensity and vital tones.

This gland is in charge of relating the entire hormonal system , driven by the sexual energy with the objective of allowing the spirit to descend into matter through birth and incarnation. The crown itself is the entering an exit point of the spiritual conscience to the physical body , the plane that connects us to the universal thoughts and sense of enlightenment. Sit comfortable close your eyes and concentrate in your breathing. I become aware of the body I inhabit.

The green-mile tension to my feet connected to the ground. And legs , firm , the body hold by the spine. My arms and hands flexible. My neck going high and contemplating for my consciousness.

The brim-a-d tension to my feet in front of them. I see a mirror coming up like a cloud that starts to reflect myself in front of me. I observe the reflection of my feet. My legs , the alien chest , my arms and hands , and my face as I look to myself straight to my eyes.

I discover myself in this reflection. The size start to play with myself moving my hands , my body. I am By a recognized , the both of us , the reflection on myself , the Internet , the research , the constant research , as the other part represents the denial of that research. The denial shows me what I have already done.

I serve myself to the eyes and they ask myself , why am I watching what I 'm looking for? I start to grow an infinite with my hands between my heart and the heart of the reflection. As I pass the questions , the sign is infinite between me and my reflection. I start to create a spiral that connects us both.

This pearl , I find the answers for what I really look for in my life and what are my really the nine on it. Here is one , I will sound. I start to grow an infinite with my hands between my heart and the heart of the reflection. I start to grow an infinite with my hands between my heart and the heart of the reflection.

I start to grow an infinite with my hands between my heart and the heart of the reflection. I take a deep breath and relax the body. I start to grow an infinite with my hands between my heart and the heart of the reflection. I am the spiral to all dimensions.

I think I think I think I think. I start to grow an infinite with my hands between my heart and the heart of the reflection. I start to grow an infinite with my hands between my heart and the heart of the reflection. Thank you Everybody for here and have a day and it 's always see you tomorrow at the same time.