Hi everyone. Have a good day. I hope you are all okay. First of all , before I begin with this clinician , I would like to thank to all the women that have been writing in the comments in the blog and in the social media about their own experiences and what they have lived and their own abortions.

So I really appreciate the strength and how brave you are of sharing those very intimate experiences with everyone. So I know that this topic is very heavy today. It 's been coming up a lot. And I would love to try making it as neutral as possible and not to politician this.

Because there would be a great problem. So first of all , I would like to say my own point of view of this. So you can tell then that it 's not what I am explaining. It 's not my point of view what I am explaining later.

So the first thing that I want to say is that according to my point of view , I guess that the concept of abortion is something that each person has to decide because it 's their own life. So it 's something that nobody can tell other one what to do with their own life. So I believe in freedom. So everyone has to be aware of what they do and why they do without anyone to say what not to do and what to do.

So for me , we should be free on the side and everything. So in the other hand , my other point of view is that for me , it 's not solution. That abortion is not the best solution. And I think that we are speaking about if abortion , yes or no , but for me , we would have to decide in a different way.

Like , what is the different way to do it? Should be different things to solve this problem. Not by killing someone. That 's what I think , that 's the beat and what I feel.

But that 's my perception. So that 's it. What I would like to go now is not to keep talking about specifically the abortion of a baby , but to speak about the abortion as a concept , which was the point of what I wanted to talk about today. Abortion , the origin of abortion comes from the Greek and Latin words , apo , or ed , that means beyond the origin or beyond birth.

So this means to go away from the origin. So the concept of abortion , being to try to escape from a situation from a place where I am right now. So according to the history , what we have been , what the I am was explaining is that throughout all our history , every time that we go farther in evolution and we do the opposite , we interrupt what was happening with the family before. It 's an abortion.

So that 's the abortion. This is related with the chara of knees because it 's related with history with all the path that we took. And this means also of all the things that we have denied and all the things that we had interrupt throughout our history. All our history is about going away from something from the origin of the history.

So this means that in such a way , we are going away from the origin , so that means that our entire history is basically an abortion of facts. So throughout the history , as we born and die , born and die , even if we are speaking about the physical aspect or the soul aspect , this is kind of an abortion , constantly. Born , die , born and die. So when we are going to born , we abort the other levels of reality , and when we die , we abort this reality.

So the concept of abortion is to get away from the origin where I belong. We usually try to escape by these two concepts , the nine and a responsibility. Because of these two , we are constantly trying to escape from our origin , from our place , where we are supposed to be. Whether we are speaking about a life , a relationship , or a project , to deny it and to live away , is basically to abort.

Always that a being is denying to live something is an abortion. Maybe we do n't dice about this , but every time that we abort something , our self , suffer , our self die , because they can not handle that anchor hearings. As everything , we have two different types of abortion , the unconscious way and the conscious way. The unconscious way would be to be pushed by your own emotions or pressure by the environment , by the context to live away from some place , from somewhere , from some responsibility.

And in the other hand , by consciousness , is when you are aware that you have nothing more to do with this , you have to change and to transform , and there is nothing else to do. So just to clarify this , to be unconscious , the difference between unconscious and conscious , is that the unconscious is doing things without any clue of why you are doing it. And conscious is by acknowledging and have specific idea of why you are doing it , what is the goal of doing it. So to be conscious is not to be spiritual , to be conscious is to know what you are doing.

So one of the important things to understand about what happens when we deny things. And when we are not responsible things and we just want to live away , is that we create like a parallel reality that it starts to factories and distortion , the origin , creating new different paths , new different realities. But this does n't mean that I am living behind the other thing. This means that I am just dividing the origin even more.

So the concept would be , for example , that you have a puzzle with a complete idea of something , and you just split the puzzle because you do n't want to see that picture , you just split it into two , and you take that part that you like the most , into another place. You just create a new idea from that image of the half puzzle. But this puzzle and this other one are the same , the image are the same. So even if you are taking one part of it , you are living the rest behind.

And so you will keep splitting it until you just have pieces , so you have no idea what are you doing , because when you just escape from the responsibility of finish the puzzle , you 're just separating things. A more human way of seeing this would be , for example , that in my family , my dad is very aggressive , or he does n't love me , whatever. And that 's because there was a context in his family that was really heavy that created a life for him that was not lovely at all , so he does n't know how to give love. So he is not giving love to me , so he kind of even hates me because he does n't know how to love.

So when I do , instead of trying to heal with my dad , I just give away , I just leave. And I say , I do n't want to know anything about you anymore , and I go and look for a new dad , which would be a boyfriend or a friend. And somehow , this other person represents exactly the same as my dad. And it 's like kind of the same , because we have problems with love and he does n't love me as I would expect , for example.

So this , I do n't know how to solve it , so I go away into another relationship and kind of it 's like the same , like the one before. So when you are living these situations , it 's because you 're creating mirror , you 're creating the comic echoes. The comic echoes would be like these distortions of reality , where you distort the origin of the conflict , expanding it in different other realities. You never go to the origin to solve the problem , you 're just trying to escape from the problem.

So that 's why the echo brings you once and again , at different perspective of the same problem. So this is why I say that this kind of abortion , when you just live behind and you just go away , is living behind the responsibility to face the origin of the conflict , trying to escape from the conflict , and you are bringing that conflict to people that maybe did n't need it to live that. So now we have to go back to the same thing , to the thing that I always say , do remember how the universe is just one particle by creating so fast that creates everything that exists. So this means if we get this concept , this means that it does n't matter where you go , where you escape , the origin will always find you.

Does n't matter how fast you run. The origin is always here. Sometimes it 's not about to go back to the origin of my dad and try to solve it with my dad , specifically , or to run away to escape and to create my own reality. Sometimes it 's just to sit down , contemplate and allow for the origin to find myself.

To find me. The origin is an every particle of existence. The origin is an every particle of existence , but we are so distorted that we can not perceive the origin because of this distortion. So this is why one of the main reasons of how we can become coherent is to stop , to abort.

The reason why in order to find coherence you have to stop abort is because when you are escaping constantly , you 're not finding your center. So in order to be coherent you have to be in your center. So that 's stop abort. Stop living with our responsibility of where you are and who you are.

So basically , we have to , in order to find ourselves , we have to stop escaping from ourselves. That 's what it means. So until now you have seen we have been speaking about the abortion as a concept. For sure , we all agree that one of the keys of everything that we have spoken about this is to find responsibility to be responsible.

Now we have to understand that abortion is not something only for the third dimension. A abortion is from many dimensions. So when you leave one dimension to another , run in a way from the one you were before , you are sorting that dimension. So in this way we can also understand that there are many souls that are aborted from other dimensions towards this one by being born.

And of course , some people from this dimension is being aborted to go into another dimension. So here we have the involuntary abortion and the voluntary abortion. And check this , which is interesting. From this point of view , when we speak for example of , when we say the unwilling abortion that a woman can leave , a woman that lives in a woman and abortion , because biologically it just loses it.

So from our point of view of the matter , it was unwilling. But from the point of view of the other dimension was willingly. Why? Because from the other point this soul maybe has come just to clean some karma.

Just to , or maybe that soul was afraid and decided not to be born. Those kind of things. And when we call here from our point of view of humans , a willing abortion. So the mother or the other had decided.

For us is willingly. But from the point of view of all the dimension , it was unwilling. Because it was unexpected. And this is the thing that creates this , this , karma equals.

One of the things that we must talk about is about this things that people usually talking about soul contract. And when the soul , like the planning of the soul , maybe you would say a soul plans everything. So maybe this is in the contract of the souls to live that , to be a border , but it 's not clearly that. I will try to explain it in a way for us to understand it.

The way to understand this is by saying , for example , trying to understand this body. This body here is made up with trillion of cells. And this trillion of cells have been born from only two cells. And this promotes a soil and an egg and bubbles.

So these two are the ones creating by meiosis. And then it starts to create and create and create and it replicate by meiosis in all the body. The whole programming of my diseases , of my growth , of my attitudes , my hair , everything that I am going to do since the very moment that I am two cells until the moment I die is programmed in this cells. Everything , that 's the planning.

Then even if the planning is perfect , when I start to leave , I start to eat things that my body was n't planning. I start to live situations that my body was n't planning. I start to have accidents that my body was n't planning. So what I am living is not the plan of my body.

My body has a plan until the moment I die. But it has to adapt according to what is going to happen around this body. Now if we go to the level of the soil , the soil creates its plan by resonance. Reasons.

So all the planning of the life of the soil is according to resonance. But when the soil starts to leave , it becomes to face. This is a different situation. You know what I mean?

So we have to adapt to the listeners. So this is how we can understand that there is always a planning. But planning must to adapt to the change of environments. So that 's why everything that happens is not always attached to a plan.

So according to this planning , when we abort a plan , we create a trauma. We create a trauma. So what we have to try to think about is if we are responsible for irresponsible with that planning. So this is one of the things that I wrote today in the blog.

If we are responsible with our life , there is no need to arrive to the moment of an abortion. Because we are responsible of everything that we are doing , of everything that we are creating. So there is no need to arrive to an abortion if we are responsible. Of what we are doing.

And this is applied into a sexual relation and also to a great project. And this is related from the point of view of men and the point of view of women. And this is why in our days today , we lose a lot of time trying to argue from point of view of perception of how to are. And that 's all of the problems that exist.

So all this conflicts related to abortion and other kind of abortions , not only the rules of station. But any kind of the problems that we have today , there are some conflicts that are not only that are basically conflicts. And the cultural point of view , the historical legacy that we have to solve all together. And this are some of the things that we have to heal from our history related to cultural things.

That have survived through time. And that we now have to transform. And I think that one of the most important things that we have to acknowledge , talking about all this is that the main point that we have to work together in order to heal this history is that we have to help us. And what this history is , education.

And education is about waking the inner potential , not to blame anyone. Freedom is one of the main keys of education. And one of the main keys that we have to work with. And as I said , as I said , at the beginning , why we look for is for freedom of each one of persons.

So if we look for freedom , we look for freedom. We can not put our way of thinking on the rights of other persons to decide. There 's an important thing to understand that when we are talking about to work with freedom , when we say , when we say , I want to impose my freedom to others because this is my point of view of what freedom is. So that 's why I blame others on their own freedom.

So that 's any congruence. I can not put my perception of what freedom is over the freedom of others. Otherwise , I 'm not coherent. But what I can really do is to educate the people for them to find their own way for the correct freedom.

And talking about this responsibility , which I think is the key word of abortion , even the person that was raped has a responsibility. Because whatever that person decides to do with its own life , can maybe change what other people in their lives can do. So when I am speaking about education , it 's not about school. It 's about a human education.

And another thing that I want to say here is that we can not blame anyone. That there are not women or men. There are persons that are irresponsible. There are persons that are distorted.

With education , all responsibility becomes responsibility. With education , all unconscious becomes conscious. This is why when we speak about abortion , we are talking about escaping from responsibility. But when we speak about the universe , we will remember that there is no way to escape from the origin.

Because the origin is everywhere. So I first met many concepts and many things. So the people , if you people do n't understand something , I would recommend to listen it again or to read the blog. So you can process it.

I know that sometimes this can be incoherent for some people because it 's like what are you trying to say? Because we usually learn to talk by polarity. So yes or no , in something. But I was trying to be in the middle of neutrality.

So that 's why sometimes it 's difficult to get if we are used to this issues with yes or no. The vibration for today is true. The statement is I am the times emptiness. Code for today , subconscious transcendence.

Sooner or later a natural sense of detachment emerges in which the loss of the universe stopped being a prison of the mind. To become a gentle web of creative ideas , we are nothing really matters and everything makes sense in the nonsense. I realize that I was always a spirit. I never stopped being one and all things reflect me eternity and love equally.

Let 's go to the alignment. Take a deep breath. And softly I start to massage my body from the counter chara till the feet. And knowledge in each part of the body.

I try to touch the body. I remind to it that everything that I am doing is for its creators. Good. I visualize the forest around me.

And I walk through it , painting to the sound of the birds and the insects. A sign deeper and deeper , preceding how this forest becomes dark , rainforest , full of trees. With its bigger , it 's big branches and leaves. Covering everything like you fit night and all this sunrise of light goes through the leaves to the ground like if they were stars.

This is the Tree of Life. I get closer to it until I touch the trunk and cross and carry its roots. Laying down between them , watching the roots , branches , leaves , watching the sky. I recognize this tree is holding all my history.

All the times that my soul has lived. I feel how the mud around is swallowing me. Making me another root , another line of time. I feel the mud covering all my body.

Only my face is watching the outside. I recognize I am just other timeline within this tree. I recognize that I become responsible of this time , of this now where I find myself. I feel the seed that is growing within me.

I see it the potential and I start to sing it so waking. It 's light , it 's strength. I feel the seed that is growing within me. I feel the seed that is growing within me.

I feel the seed that is growing within me. I am the time centeness. I am the time centeness. I feel the seed that is growing within me.

I feel the seed that is growing within me. I feel the seed that is growing within me. Now , in every instance where I find myself. I feel the seed that is growing within me.

I feel the seed that is growing within me. I feel the seed that is growing within me. I feel the seed that is growing within me. I feel the seed that is growing within me.

I feel the seed that is growing within me. I feel the seed that is growing within me. I feel the seed that is growing within me. I feel the seed that is growing within me.

I feel the seed that is growing within me. I feel the seed that is growing within me. I feel the seed that is growing within me. I feel the seed that is growing within me.

I feel the seed that is growing within me. I feel the seed that is growing within me. I feel the seed that is growing within me. I feel the seed that is growing within me.

I feel the seed that is growing within me. I feel the seed that is growing within me. I feel the seed that is growing within me. I feel the seed that is growing within me.

I feel the seed that is growing within me. I feel the seed that is growing within me. I feel the seed that is growing within me. I feel the seed that is growing within me.

I feel the seed that is growing within me. I feel the seed that is growing within me. I feel the seed that is growing within me. I feel the seed that is growing within me.

I feel the seed that is growing within me. I feel the seed that is growing within me.