Hi everyone , good morning , good afternoon , good evening. Welcome to our day of the throat and the fiscal week of Gemini. Today , America , your retrograde was finished. Let 's see how the next days are coming because I guess we have three months to rest.

So within the Mercy about it , we are shaping this six months. We begin today , being day 22. We begin today with our new intention for this whole month , which is I am sound , until the next. The second week will be in July.

From today , I will answer the question. I remind you that the things that we are following , whoever results with this , you can start every 22nd and for the days , until the other 22nd. When we go to sleep , we just say the statement I am and the attribute for that month , which for this new month is I am sound. So just when you go before you go to sleep , create a big Merckama between all of us.

So let 's begin with our topic for today , which is the verb. I am a little bit tired , sorry. So the word , the word , there comes from the European language , where. And where is basically related to the action of saying something or basically is the action itself in the shape of the word.

So if we go back into the ideology , we will see that the word , where and the word , the word , where are kind of the same and they are related in the origin. And where is the origin of the word work for English , which is work. There and work are very much related because they are two concepts that are talking about an action to take action into something. So there is basically something that describes the action that someone a subject is doing.

So let 's remember what is a subject. A subject is someone , the someone that is doing the action. So we have mainly the ones that we call I , you , here she , we , you , in plural and day. So we have this six , which in English are much more neutral for some of them , we have feminine and masculine.

So the pronouns are the main subjects that realize that do an action. So of course that depending the language , it can change because in English you do n't have much division in between feminine and masculine and Spanish we have a lot of divisions between feminine masculine , some languages has also neutral aspects of language. Some others has another pronoun , which is for only two people , which is very different from the plural of day. So there are many different pronounced that can be used , but mainly they are all around this six.

So this subject , this person or also this object , will set itself into action by moving the energy into a direction into a work. We used to say that the work of energy , that the movement is a part of a work of a subject to create energy. So this movement of energy that we are doing that we call the work of energy. It 's something that can help us understand why in the origin of the languages we call work and word and verb exactly the same , because they means the same is a force of action that someone does.

So this also the action , the verb , will be separated by the or expressed by the subject in different aspects , which are the aspects of time and the aspects of space. So when we get the aspects of space of time , the subject will realize this action in the past , the present or the future. Of course , that these are the main three times that someone can make an action , but then with the evolution of the language , we start to try to specify exactly when I did or someone did that action. So that 's why we have we eventually start to have different kinds of past different kinds of present and different kinds of future.

So we could specify that and it makes much more reach the language so we can communicate better. In the same way as we have a Trinity of time in the verb past person in the future , even if they start to divide a lot. In many languages we have also a Trinity to describe the verb in space. So the Trinity of space , the Trinity of space in other would be the subject , which is the one that makes the action that defines the verb.

The next theme which will be the root of the verb. So is the part that does n't change of the verb. Unless it 's like verb to be , which is very different , which is a regular verb. We have the third part which is the decine that is the last part of the verb usually in certain language languages that is the part that changes all the time to describe the plural , the singular or the past , the present , the future and all this kind of or also in terms of way of how it expressed.

So the parts that change constantly inside the verb. So now we can understand kind of the aspect of the verb. So we can understand the structure of it. And from this we can the most important thing to get from what is the verb is that the verb is the description of the energy is basically a way in which we can pronounce say and express describe what is energy.

So that 's the main key to understand the importance of the verb because is how we can pronounce and determine the energy of things. So the verb is kind of this arrow when we speak that holds all the energy of the sentence and intention and determines how it 's going to be the term is what is the energy that will manifest. So this is why it 's so important to realize the power of the verb because is the one that energetically and codes all the energy the strength to make something possible. So basically all the the other things that go around the the the verb are the ones that like satellites.

Helps to the intention of the verb but all of them are changing around the verb and that 's why it 's so important is the other things are just going around and. And goes straight to so so the verb goes straight to the point and the rest of the things go around. One phrase a phrase in a verb can exist but the verb is that it 's all the meaning of the verb. So a sentence without a verb can exist but it 's the verb the one that gives a meaning to the entire sentence.

So the very ancient humans they discover us talking and playing with the words that the verb was the most important word that it could use because it was describing the power of what they have done or what they were intended to do. So so it was describing the action of things so that 's why it was so important than other words. So in the very beginning. There was no a word to describe a verb there there was no verb as we know it today.

For them what they were doing was describing a nation something that they were making doing so it was a work of energy. But not a work of energy like doing rake okay work of energy like working something doing something with your hands. So that was the way in which they were describing what was a verb it was just action to take action into something. So one of the things that happened in the very past was that every one of the actions that we were doing we start to verbalize that we start to say a word to describe the action that we were doing.

That 's the origin of how a verb begins to describe the action that we were doing. So what people start to do was to teach others with the verb that they were describing the action. So that showed them that by just saying the name they could they could give the word. So others would know how to make the work.

So that 's how we start to realize that the verb was action. Able to that allows us to create to do stuff with our energy. At the beginning the verb was not a verb as we know it today. The verb is basically the creation of a concept of sorry of an object that is now into action.

So in the past they did n't create words for for verbs to describe actions. It was n't not an invention. They were just taking the words of the objects they were doing. And they just added something to describe the action that they were doing with that.

So for example it 's easy English to understand this because you do n't have these encletics and all these variations of the verb like in Spanish we have. But in English and the Taxon languages is easier because for example you have the word work. And it can it can be a verb or it can be an object a concept. Okay?

Like they 're only difference you have in English to to separate a verb from the object is the word to which describes the direction where it goes. So to work is that there is an movement and action towards that object. Okay? So the the object the noun that we are using are basically something that is physical that is that that existed.

Okay? So it 's something that was described by by by by people with the sounds that were similar to the object that they were using. But suddenly this object or this noun that the this noun that we were using just by adding the two we have the action the verb. So this is how other begins is just describing the act it 's just describing how something is into action.

Think about this. If every object every noun that we use to describe an object is basically us saying the action of something. So it does n't matter what object what noun you take from the world. It does n't matter which one anything could be whatever.

If you put an action on that it means that everything can have action and everything is energy. If everything is energy and everything can be done as a action. So this means that everything is a verb. Everything is a word.

So follow this line. If everything that exists can be taken into an action. So everything basically is energy because you can make an action with it. It means that the entire creation is a verb.

So it means also that the entire universe is a constant action moving energy. So the entire creation is a verb which brings us to the idea that. So the creator is also the verb. So why for all the ancient cultures God is the verb.

Because the verb is the thing that makes everything move. That is the vibration that allows everything to take action. So that 's why the creator should be that should be exactly the energy that creates and manifests and moves everything that exists. So now we reach this sentence and pay attention to the sentence.

In the beginning there was the verb and the verb was God. That 's very important to understand. In the beginning was the verb and the verb was God. So what happened in the creation is that basically the verb is the main thing that exists.

The verb as a vibration is the vibration , the movement in action. Something that starts to move. This wave of vibration that is creating everything but in the beginning when it starts to move and creating the waves of vibration. The movement of action in the same moment something happened that the vibration becomes itself the action and subject that creates the action.

This is why it is said and the beginning was the verb and the verb was God. So what happens after this that all this big wave of vibration , the first action , starts to spread but it creates different waves. And this waves will be actions so verbs and every time that one of them happens something new is created and that 's why we know the sentence and God said. And God said and God said and God said once again and suddenly this vibration this wave became a particle and God said.

And now it 's light and God said and now it 's atom and then God said is is molecule and from molecule to a component a chemical component and then we have hydrogen oxygen , phosphate and again and again and we create chemical reactions and then we start to be planets and. Stars , planets , worlds and evolution and species and God said and God said and God said and God said. All the time my vibration. So this waves of vibration , the different waves of vibration are the ones that we start to call.

Frequencies and all the frequencies. Stars to create different realities and all these different realities are the ones that we remember as God said and God created and God where will it was willing to create this and blah blah and. And it 's only vibration. Serves creating constantly.

So this waves of vibration starts to get much , much complicated , much and very , very weird connection. So eventually throughout millions of years of evolution , this same waves of vibration end up creating a brain. And the brain starts to create a way in a species that are able to pronounce the vibrations , the verbs that are an echo from the ones from the beginning. Made at the same image.

We are made alike. So what happened then is when we realized that the verb , the action starts to become also our own creation. The way which we can manifest. So we start to be able to create acknowledging the subjects.

Acknowledging the predicate. And acknowledging the compliments. Which are the attackers. So this is why when you read or have heard about the genesis , the beginning of the things.

We do n't have to see the descriptions as something real. We have to understand it as just. And description of. Of how people could understand in that time the reality is that today we can describe in a different way.

Like for example. And so much information. The creation happens in so much time. Millions and billions of.

Of years. And they do n't have even years. So they have to call it stages. But there was no way to call a stage stage one stage two.

So they call it days. Because that 's how people could understand what means. A period of time. So they call it first day in the second day in the third day.

Even if it were not days. Also they were describing how the birth became flesh. And it 's not that is how vibration starts to create energy and the energy of action the verb. Manifest into matter through chemical reactions.

That happens in millions of years. Billions of years. And of course when it describes. God.

On the water and floating on the water. They could not describe how it was time. Time this illusion that moves like waves. It was impossible to describe the waves.

So that 's why they compared it with an ocean. That 's why they said water. So we can not. Take all these stories that were told by people that had in the tools to understand what they were.

Experience in or remembering. They were just describing things as they could with a tool they had around. So to read a book of history about the creation. Sometimes we make the mistake of reading them like it was true.

And it 's just a description of something is like going to the cinema and. And. Look for I do n't know the Avengers and. You say wow so.

This is really happening in New York. It 's happening now what the hell is happening in New York. It 's like if you are seeing the news and no it 's just a movie from Marvel from no whatever. That angels I do n't know.

We have to understand that they were stories. It 's a description is a the script or way of of a time. So what do we take about this. We take the importance of the.

Because even if it seems really crazy every time that we say a sentence. We are creating a america. A tiny america in the vibrational realm. So first of all let 's remember this.

There what is there. Ver is action it means action energy in action. So we have to remember that. So whenever we say a verb.

We are setting a seed of action into the space and that seed is created by a america. And this tiny america is created by all the compliments that a verb has. So all the compliments direct indirect of the verb are creating the track of the verb. And then the time the ways the space subject predicate.

Prepositions all these kind of things they all create the america back around. So every time that we make a sentence. We spread a tiny america about to the space. So every time that we say a sentence.

It 's like if we are given a cell to the space. And every cell is united to another one creating an organism that starts to create a big beam that we call a Gregor. And all this information starts to grow throughout all the time that we speak. And shape a beam in a realm that we used to call a cache records.

This conjunction of verbs of sentences starts to create. These starts to create. Beans. Different important beings that live in the cached records.

That. Shape something. A beam itself that has its own life. So to understand this.

When we speak. The information starts to go into this. Realm of cached records. That.

Start to create big. Huge beings. That by resonance. They get together to one another.

So for example , all the people that talk about love in the planet. They talk their sentences of love. They all go to the same. Part of the library because it 's like kind of the same being by resonance they get together.

So this means that eventually someone can channel. This information from that entity. So we can channel that. Information and it 's not that we.

Is not that we are. Channel in someone is that we are channeling the information that these people have said and left. In the environment. This is why many of us.

And we can channel the same people remember the same likes. Channel the same messages. Because we are connected to the same cloud. So we have different ways to call it today.

The engine wants you to call it the different heavens. But today we can call it the cloud. Or we can call it the server. All this information that is around that is in the cloud in the server.

We can also they logically call it the neurons. The archives of information that are in the nervous system. We can for example understand this like same. That we are simple cells that work around and we have no idea of what is happening in our sub-conscious.

We usually do n't know what is happening in our sub-conscious. We have a lot of information inside of us. But we are not aware of that until something happened that makes us remember or to know. Throughout therapy or whatever.

We can figure that out. So so when you connect to this network information is like connecting to the sub-conscious is like. Why? I have no idea that all this information was around.

It was everywhere. But it is there. And most of this information is registered there by the word , the verb , the things that we say. This is all the information that we can download and manifest in this world.

So as I was watching here , of course that we , that is not only the verbs that are registered there. The feelings , the thoughts , the dreams. They are all there. They are all in this environment of information.

So every pulse that we emit. It is there. So we can access that in different ways , many different ways. And of course , there are some of these entities of information that are bad and others that are good.

So there is information about anything. But above all , remember , please , the verb is the one that allows all that information to be manifested or not. So pay attention to that and the rest is just a compliment. The vibration for today is K. The statement today is I am a product of vibration.

The code today is called comfort. In the feet is where energy or of fitness and stability is located. Where I position myself in life and where I 'm heading to. The accumulated energy in the feet and ankles emit the energy that makes us feel located.

Where we belong or that moves us to search a new place to find stability. This way , the positive aspect will be calm that invites us to find their energy in our comfort zone. And on its counterpart , the negative emotion of this comfort that invites us to search for a new comfort zone. To change the space of insecurity.

Sit comfortable , close your eyes and concentrate in your living. I take a deep breath and start to become aware of the entire body. For my feet to my head. Moving softly each joint.

I move softly. The ankles. Please. I move softly.

The ankles. Please. Keep. Every dirt around this pine has.

Waste. Pelibos. Shoulders. Next.

And the jaw. I start to stretch the body. To yarn softly and slowly as if it is a dance. And the jaw.

I come in aware of each tiny part of the body. I come in aware of each tiny part of the body. I come in aware of each tiny part of the body. With my hands softly , I start to go all around my body.

Touching it 's part of it. Recognizing the nerve that activates the action of each part. Become aware of the power that it has to get inside. I come in aware of each part of the body.

I recognize the nerve that I have in my eyes. I see. For head. I think.

Here 's. I hear. I listen. I go throughout all the body.

I recognize each nerve that creates me. I 'm so pretty. I come in. I come in.

I come in. I come in. I 'm here. I come in.

I come in. I come in. I come in. I come in.

I come in. I come in. I help you. Come out.

Come here. Come out. Turn the sleeves. Bye bye.

. . . Uh.

. . . .

. This is it. . .

. Mom. Watch Return it It 's a quarter Pierce Talk to her 되어 Do perfect Just like. .

. Just like. . .

I 'm taking the bread and become aware of the birds that I have said that I have recognized in my body. And become aware. . .

If I can say them. . . If they are easy for me to say.

. . How they make me feel. .

. If they are bad. . .

They are good. . . How you are sounding me.

. . And I recognize that I am always. .

. I am a product of this verse. I am a product of this vibration. .

. And the side become aware that these birds have created what I am. . .

And has the power to allow me to create. . . I set the intention.

. . To say from now on. .

. This verse. . .

In a very conscious way. . . I am a product of this vibration.

. . And I recognize that I am always. .

. I am a product of this vibration. . .

And I recognize that I am always. . . I am a product of this vibration.

. . And I recognize that I am always. .

. I am a product of this vibration. . .

And I recognize that I am always. . . I am a product of this vibration.

. . And I recognize that I am always. .

. I am a product of this vibration. . .

And I am a product of this vibration. . . I am a product of vibration.

. . And I recognize that I am always. .

. I am a product of this vibration. . .

I think I think I think I take a deep breath and warning , stretching the body , slowly I come back here and now. Thank you everybody for being here and as always see you tomorrow at the same time.