Hi everyone , how are you? Good morning. Good afternoon , good evening. I was one minute late because the internet was n't connected so I had to look for an app for another connection.

Well , I hope that you 're okay because of well after this eclipse and I hope that the plantation from this afternoon was useful for you to be connected to a line during the eclipse. I wo n't ask how do you feel because we are really like 30,000 people so it 's kind of difficult. But I wo n't. If you ask how was for me , you can tell but in my face that it was really hard.

Really , it was really intense. I can not really share right now what happened because there 's a lot of things that I need to process by myself to be quiet and there are very personal things for myself. So I was able to receive the message to receive everything that I was not expecting to but what it was supposed to. I would just say that as you see in my face , I cried as I did n't cry many times and I cried so much that I was in this aquifer goose and in the darkness when I woke up it was all wet like all water in the sun cocoa.

So it was really great. I really a really experienced die so it was good. I should say I would say that I feel with much more responsibility but also I lost a really big weight that I had so I 'm really much more really relieved. And of course that there was a moment that I was feeling this expansion and I was able to feel to listen to feel and the energy of all those who were connected to the network that moment.

So you and so thank you very much for being part and being connected. For the people that were asking yes I received my message from the future but I will just take I will for myself to process and to understand it and to accept it within me before I would say anything. Talking about future today 's topic is future and I will try to be very precise because I am not with the energy or the mood to explain a lot today you may understand. So that 's it.

So talking about about future , the perception that we have from what is future is that is one of the times in which we divide the eternity. We divide the eternity into past , present and future but that 's from the point of view of our third dimension. The reason why we divide eternity in three is because of our point of view of the third dimension. Remember that the third dimension is called like this because it has three dimensions which is high , depth and weight.

So these three dimensions for us is our reality so when we try to look into the time we project that in those three visions so that 's why we divide the eternity into three which is past , present and future. For every dimension time we would be adapted according to that dimension. So talking about these perceptions of the time of the universe , the eternity through dimensions we have to remember that when we spoke about the origin of the universe we say that the core of the universe is devoid and this void from the inside projects into the outside. So when it goes into the outside it projects in the universe which is all the potentialities that the universe had within.

So in the beginning of the universe this means that there 's nothing that really does n't exist anything that is only void and just just projections. So this means that the only thing that exists in the very beginning of the universe is the potentially of the universe. So from the point of view of the origin of the universe the first time is the future. The second time is the past and the third one is the present which is the comprehension of the future and the past.

So remember this the reason why the future is the first one is because there 's nothing in the universe , only ideas that wants to be projected in the outside. So this is why the first time is the future because everything is about to exist. So that 's why we all are products of the future and once that we started to to make an action to to leave to experience these projections of the future we create the past. So we leave the structure and then when we become aware of that structure and from where it comes from we live the present.

In some other moment we will talk about past and present but now let 's just talk about the future. So the future , the future expands itself , expands itself in the past and then when we arrive in the present we start to go back to the origin of the things. It 's like we express and then we go back as an echo again. So that means that once we are in the present we start to come back to the future.

That 's why we live looking into the future because we are going back to the original. So in our perception future is something that we put ahead and that we are going to but we do n't know what is going to happen. So it 's just a projection and idea. But for some cultures the future is in front because we are heading to it in that perception.

And for other cultures the future is in the past is behind sorry it 's behind because they say I do n't see it so I do n't know what is going to happen. So the complicated part would be that this eternity that we divided in three past-person in the future they are just concepts because you can not measure past or future. What is past of future? For example what I am doing now this movement is already in the past.

So that 's past or what is past. Is that ancient time or is just this movement that I just did or and the future? What is the future? Is exactly the next movement that I am going to do after the past.

So basically everything is past and present and future at the same time. Constantly. Now did you understand that is impossible to separate time that when you go into the application of time is impossible to separate it because everything that you are doing constantly is past-person and future. Every second.

So we have to remember to understand time that time is not something that you can divide. The time is only one thing which is vibration and the perception of time is according to the frequency of that vibration. So it 's only one thing that you perceive through the different vibrations that it has. So once said this we will recognize that space and time are basically the same.

It 's just a vibration with different frequencies. This means that everything is referring to itself. It 's only one thing. So this is I am.

So now we understand the I am as only one frequency and only one vibration with different frequencies. What we have to get now is that future is basically the potentially of this being. But it 's the potentially of itself. So there 's no future without the I am.

This means that it does n't exist a place or a projection that we call future. It does n't exist that. The only thing that exists is the projection or the the potentially of one being. So basically all the possible futures will be determined by what I am now.

What is future? Future comes from the Latin Futures which is a conjugation of the verb to be , which to be is S. E. And it 's an irregular verb. So the transformation of to be in the past is full that in Spanish we have it. Also , we use that full.

And then we have the suffix , the eclectic that you may say , Euros which is related to a verb of something that is going to happen. So full Turns means that one that is going to become. So the word future is not talking about a concept in the future. It 's talking about the inner transformation of a being.

And this is why in order to build future , we have to build present. So future is about all the potentialities that you can become. So in between all those potentialities , you can receive the information to become. So this is why there are so many futures possible.

So many parallel realities. Because the future depends on high vibration. So the reality is that the future depends precisely on how you violate because it 's the frequency of your vibration. So I can receive information from the future , from the frequency of the future , but that future wo n't be something that terminate in my life.

Because whatever sieve can change my point of view , transform what I am going to do. So I can change my future in my present. Another day we will speak much more about time. But another day that I am maybe a little bit more human.

So let 's go to the land. The vibration for today is ve. The statement for today is I am the legacy of realities. Today we begin with another sequence of codes and for today is the color black.

And ligament is nothing more than the reunion with the profound void. By going back to the source where all things converge , white and black are one and no color exists. Or they are simple perceptions of the wavelength of array of other of our vibration. This black is the soon-ordensity of all realities.

When white is the soon of all their vibrations. But both are the set of the whole of the vibration of the entire cosmos. So let 's go to the alignment. So focus in your breathing and see you stretch the body to relax.

Close my eyes , concentrate in my breathing. Take a deep breath. I find myself in front of the great things , the lion and I feel it 's period. Thank for all the animals.

Behind the lion , I see the pyramids , covered in white shining. Around me , I feel and see a lot of people. And I look at them and recognize that they are waiting for me to give them something , to give them the dusk , to begin with their path. I get closer to the things in between its spot.

And I see an altar where I find 12 blue crystals. Take a deep breath and take between your hands , these 12 crystals. And in between the people , I choose 12 of them. No judging , just see their faces , even if you do n't know them.

And give one crystal to each. Take a deep breath. Here begins a new path for a new humanity. Creating a new reality in the planetary network.

I begin to see the path of this world curse. One going to the scene and I can see the dusk or the mountains. Another one to Siberia with the forest and the cold. The other one to how I revolve canon in the ocean.

Another one in Greenland , filling the ice. I see the other four workers going to the warm suns of Brazil in the north. The special volcanic islands of Galapagos , the lowest island of Micronesia. And a huge volcano , Toba in Sumatra.

Take a deep breath. I see the breath , you see the last workers arriving to South Africa with its animals in Banana to the south of Australia in Tasmania. To the islands of Polynesia. In the south of Patagonia in Tierra del Fuel.

And I recognize that these stealth crystals around the world are the ones incarnation the legacy of all the realities of the planet. The diversound. Just imagine and peace. For the Mannwolves as your magnificent challenges for every human has been itself the memory of this walkers.

Now I can see it. I see. I see. I am the legacy of my past.

I am the legacy of my future. I see. I see. I see.

I see. I see. I see. I see.

I see. I see. I see. I see.

Take a deep breath. Taking your hands to your heart. You are not in this self-realities in your heart. I bring all this consciousness to my body here and now.

I can walk here and now. Thank you everyone for being here and. I see. I see.

I see. I see.