Hello everybody , how are you? Good morning. Good afternoon , good evening to all of you , whatever you are. So today , remember that we are still in the physical week of Pieces.

So today our topic is the look. So to look the look to things , to gaze the things. We would be something beyond the site. The site , remember , is one of the five senses.

And as a sense , is the one , is the tool that we use to receive the pulses from the outside to interpret them within our neurological system , in our brain. So we could interpret a environment we are moving in , we are moving through. And to gaze , to observe , to look , goes a little bit deeper. It 's much more related to the soul than with the perception of the things , the observation of the things.

Look is a word that represents something that is bright , something that is shining. So this word , to look , comes from the Indo-European language which is Leak. That means light , bright , shining. That 's why it is the same origin of the word light.

Light and look has the same origin. So to look is to put light on something. To look is to make something bright , to make something shine. I was explaining that in Spanish , the word for look is Milan.

And Milan is originated in the word Sea in the Indo-European language , which is the origin also for the word Sea. So Sea means smile. And smile comes from Sea in the Indo-European language. And which is like kind of reflection of something that you are watching , that you are seeing.

So to see is only yourself staring at something and watching something is unidirectional. But to Milan , Milan , it 's a reflection. To look is to receive the light of something. So the word that in Spanish you say Milan is the origin of the word in English , mirror.

Mirror is to look at. And it represents the smile that you can see from yourself in others. So this is why the word to look is much more related to the soul than the physical aspect myself. So by looking at something , we can look at close inner eyes , the eye and the reality outside.

Or we can open our eyes to feel that reality outside to be aware of it. So that would be the way in which we can experience the look. When we say that the look at to stare , to gaze something , is related to the soul. So we also say that it 's very deep , very profound.

And sometimes because of this duality that we do n't want to look outside is because we are scared to see really with our eyes. How deep we can go through these organs. And the reason is because through the thousands of years of evolution , the eyes , had become one of the best designs in our body. And why is that?

Because the eyes are basically the best extension of our brain. The eyes are the only ones that can not only perceive the realities that are outside , but also to show to the outside the reality that you have within the reality that you have in your brain , the real you. So the eyes has been one of the best evolved organs of our body because we have been evolving through thousands of years trying to survive in our environment. So our brain basically is trying to help us to survive something that we already said many times.

So the body is to the brain is trying to see where are the dangers outside. So it tries to protect itself all the time. So because of this protection that the body is looking for , the eyes has been designed to detect all the dangers around. So it sees everywhere what could happen and what can kill me.

And one of the most important things that we have is to detect the eyes of the enemies , the detect who is going to attack us because of the eyes. So remember that we spoke once about the Paritolia effect in our brain that the brain is looking for familiar images everywhere in nature and all the things. So one of the main things that the brain is trying to look for are things with eyes with a face. But mainly eyes.

So the brain is trying to detect everywhere. The eyes of something. Why? Because the eyes are pointing towards a direction and to where those eyes point the rest of the body goes.

So this means that what we are trying to do in our nature is trying to escape from the hunters , from the beings that can kill us and eat us. So that 's why our eyes are designed to look into the enemies eyes. That 's why the brain is trying to look by Paritolia all this eyes in nature. So it can see if they are staring and looking to us.

To attack us. This makes that the side is developed like a tool of defense. So the eyes are trying to defend ourselves from the weakness that we have within. So this story of the evolution of the eye trying to defend us from the weakness within is the reason why more than the 90 % of the humans usually do n't look straight to the eyes when they speak to someone.

And this is not psychological. This is biological. Our eyes need to rest for a while. Every time that we speak for a fraction of time our eyes look into another part of our face when we speak with someone.

They go to the nose , they go to the lips , those two ears. They go everywhere and they go back to the eyes and then go back to the nose and so on. Because the eyes gives so much information , constantly all the time. That the body , your brain needs to interpret it so many data when it 's straight to the eyes that it needs to rest.

It waste so much energy trying to understand what the side , what the look is trying to say. That you lose energy in your physical , in your emotional and your mental trying to solve that look. So the reason why this , the side , the look is so deep and takes so much energy is because the eyes has been designed as the most perfect extension of the brain. And because if it is the most substantial , it 's a perfect extension of the brain.

It 's not only processing information from the outside. In the brain , but also the brain is communicating that information that data outside straight away. It 's really easy to communicate with your eyes , not in two words. So this is kind of the origin of the telepathy.

The telepathy is basically this communication with your eyes with another person. Because it 's basically the neurons reflecting in the neurons of the other sending signals through the side , through looking at. So now when you receive data , it 's okay because you are storing data experiences to move in environment. But when you share that information , when the brain is sending the signals out , it kind of loses the ability to defend because it 's showing its weakness.

It 's showing the truth that is inside. So that 's why people is scared of this tearing out because the eyes are the ones that are showing all the things that you have within. So you can be weak for the world in that moment. You feel out of all the fans.

And this is why we call the eyes like the windows of the soul. Because the soul is basically all these network of database going through the nervous system. They are the neurons of the soul because through the eyes I can show express everything that I feel. So remember that from the point of view of survival to show what I feel makes me weak.

There is some why some people can stare at the eyes and watch straight to the eyes. It 's because those people does n't have any any problem with sharing exactly what happens within themselves. And because these people are not in the need of survival. These people does n't care about showing what they have within.

So they can look straight into the eyes and waste all the energy in that side because they do n't need to earn energy and save energy for survival. This is why also we can relate some this action of staring straight to the eyes and not moving inside with a crazy ones because the crazy ones. They do n't have the fear of losing the control they do n't care. So they just stare not being a threat of losing the power.

Nothing to lose. So some people might say that no I look straight to the eyes when we speak , but most of you for sure do n't realize that for tiny functions of seconds you just change your point of view into another point of the face. So your eyes can rest for a tiny moment for a fraction of time rest the energy of watching into the eyes. There is a way this happens is because the eyes share straight so much information from the brain that the other brain that is watching staring can not process all that information.

Usually when a person is not looking straight to the eyes when they speak to someone is because the body is trying to protect themselves because you do n't want the other one to know your weakness , your bulletin ability. You do n't want to be attacked basically. So another way in which the evolution took the looking staring at someone is through reproduction because when we in the same way as the birds for example has the feathers. Feathers with different colors some animals prepare themselves to be much more shiny and very easy to to be seen by the other sex.

The other gender. We humans have the side we humans have the iris of the eyes so the way in which we look at the way in which we stare at someone. It 's something that thousands of years have been working in humans in the same way as for the birds work the feathers. Okay , so like this this peacock has this beautiful eyes in the tail with all his feathers we humans have our two eyes.

So that 's why in the time of in the time of reproduction staring at the eyes can tell us also about the intention of reproduction with a person. That 's why the popular that the iris contract or expand according to showing us if we are open to receive that person or we are close to that person. So all these things shows us that the. The look that we taking to others on to others is a strength communication with our brain directly with our brain.

So the staring at to look at someone straight into the eyes is something that helps us to be much more connected in the network with others to share information with others as being one. And remember that the concept of to look is related to the idea of the mirror the light on a mirror. So this means that everything that my eyes are looking at is just a reflection of myself that when I look straight to the eyes of someone that someone will show me exactly what I have within. So what is activated by looking at the telepathy.

Telepathy remember that thoughts that means pain and suffering we have seen that pain and suffering. So tele , tele means distance means beyond father. So telepathy is related to. To suffer in distance.

And to suffer in distance means that when you stare at the eyes of someone. Your neurons create a snakes with the mind of the other one. So from far away you can feel what the other one is feeling as if you were one. So what you see in the eyes of the other one is what you have within is that reflection also of yourself otherwise you would n't see it.

So this is why everything basically is a communication with yourself. To practice the staring at the looking at the eyes of someone. Help us to be much more open to tell where we feel to share what we have within. And help us to be much more telepathy.

Help us to have a better communication between ourselves. You communicate better with our own self and with the others as if we are one. We can practice that just looking at the mirror to ourselves or by staring to someone that we love or just staring at someone that we do n't know. And we can start to practice the communication in silence.

So that 's how we create synapses through telepathy. One of the things that we need of why we need to practice this is because usually we are afraid to share what we have within. So to stare at someone and to practice by staring to yourself helps for a better communication and telepathy. So some people once asked me why in this planet we do n't have telepathy.

Why we can not communicate with other people like in other planets they do. Well , the reason is because in order to have telepathy , you should n't have fear to set and to show who you really are. And usually we are afraid to share who you are because we are scared about the judgment of others when they see what we have within. So usually people judge what we share.

Just as an example of how it is the judgment of what we see , what we stare at. And so the thing is that for example , the day I put a picture that I liked the composition of the picture was beautiful. But it was just the frame of what it was really happening. There was some people but around where a lot of people , so I had to be up so they can hear me better.

There were everyone , there were channels , police , tourists , it was terrible , normal context and I was playing something. Anything , I do n't know. And I saw the race of lights and so on , so this picture was taken by Tia and I loved the picture. I loved the composition of the picture and suddenly when I put the picture , the judgment came by the image saying , you look like Jesus or your ego is showing up , believing that your Jesus , you know , like kind of like this everyone started to talk about that.

And I was like , if I would really worry about these things , I do n't do , I do n't do that. But imagine that people that received kind of these comments , they suddenly stopped sharing because they are scared of telling their truth , I 'm sharing what they want because of the judgments of others , imagine now to sharing an emotion , how would that be. In another concept , for example , talking about emotions , something that happened to me also. When I write the post , I usually share everything that happens to me , like , I do n't care.

I share every emotion , I share many of the things that I have. So , so I do n't care , I do , I do that because I would love to encourage the people to do the same. And I really thank to all these people that write in the post and blogs to write in the post. But they feel what they share , what they have experience and I really think that because that 's the point.

But there are some other comments that they want to teach or to give advice , like you should do this or do that , blah , blah , blah. And those comments are mainly through the judgment of my process and I was just sharing my process , I was not asking for help. And imagine I am a Leo , I am Leo , so I do n't really care of what people say. I have enough ego to survive.

But imagine the people that are not able to have the ego to stand and they can crack and fall apart. Because of the judgments or these kinds of things. So , when you ask yourself why in this planet we do n't have to let the people , we will basically be because we are still judging each other all the time. The only way in which we can help really other person is when other person was open to receive help.

The only reason why we can judge other person is because that person was open to be judged. This is why it 's very important to always do the questions to yourself in the first person. We can share visions but we have to learn to identify when a vision can become a judgment towards the outside. Because it 's exactly this judgment by the violation of the private space that makes people to close.

It makes people not to be able to look into the eyes of the others. I 'm not to be able to communicate by the look by gazing. Let 's communicate in as one. Let 's go to the information for today and speaking very low because today I 've been laughing a lot.

I 'm also singing a lot for four days in a row and I do n't have much voice. So , I 'm not sad. I 'm tired. The vibration for today is tired.

The statement for today is I am manifested conscience. The code for today is cancer. The last process related to the physical body is the one that happens when this constellation is in the highest. Related to water cancer is the family process.

This means the moment of to bring in what was changed , learned harvest and won the safety of our own. The first thing I 've heard is that the child is in the arms of the protector. It 's his own eggs. It 's his own products.

It 's family. It 's related with emotions. I 'm just sleepy. Sit comfortably , close your eyes and concentrate in your breathing.

I 'm just sleepy. I 'm just sleepy. I 'm just sleepy. I 'm just sleepy.

I 'm just sleepy. I 'm just sleepy. I 'm just sleepy. I 'm just sleepy.

I 'm just sleepy. I 'm just sleepy. I 'm just sleepy. I 'm just sleepy.

I 'm just sleepy. Take a deep breath. I started to carry a massage softly. Your feet coming out through the body.

Along the legs , the gentle hips , the back. The belly. Chest. Hands.

Arms. Shoulders. Naked. Face.

Undergrad. Face. Face. My breath.

I breathe and recognize with my fingers. My face. The eyes. My ears.

I do massage in circles. Only ears. The eyes. The cheeks.

The eyebrows. The second one. Fiddenos. I 'm going up to a recent forehead and massage me with my hair.

Towards the ears. I do front of me. I observe my own eyes watching me. I observe my eyes straight until I can perceive behind consciousness that lies within.

I observe your eyes. I recognize that the eyes in me represents the dreamer. The day the light and the eyes in front of me represents the dream. The projection.

The shadow. The night. I pay attention to the pupil. The corner.

The entire eye. The nerves. The connect both eyes. To the center of my brain.

Where I can find this beautiful pearl. The lineal gland. Shining. With the light I perceive from the outside.

You 're radiating from within. I take a deep breath and expand this gland. Recognize the manifestation of my consciousness. That I achieve.

By the depths of my look. I observe my eyes. I rebound. Be ready to be consciousness.

I observe my eyes. I observe my eyes. I observe my eyes. I observe my eyes.

I observe my eyes. I rebound. Be ready to be consciousness. I observe my eyes.

I rebound. Be ready to be consciousness. Be ready to be consciousness. Be ready to be consciousness.

Be ready to be consciousness. I am the manifested conscience. I am the manifested conscience. I am manifested conscience.

I believe for I am a brain discontentess all around my body. He is stretching beyond carejosing. Remember that this month , before we go to sleep , we manifest intention of saying , I am love. Thank you everybody for being here.

See you tomorrow , the same time.