So , I everyone , good morning , good afternoon , good evening. I hope everyone 's fine. So let 's begin with the topic for today , which is the constellation of Gemini. So , first of all , to remind you , everyone , that I am not talking about the Gemini people.

I am just talking about the concept of Gemini , the what you represent in the sky , why you represent for everyone of us , and why you represent for the Gemini that we all have within , because we all share this information of what you represent for the Gemini that we all have within. Because we all share this information of the 12 signs. So also to remind you that even if some people relate to the explanations of the signs , I 'm not describing the people , because some of you may say do n't generalize , because we are not all like that. And yes , I know that , because every person has a different , a surgical chart , many different perceptions and different planets and different aspects of every sign.

So of course , every person is totally different , even if you are different ages , you would be affected more by one , sign than the other. So sometimes we can not even feel sometimes the sun sign. So if I say things about Gemini right now , as all the rest of the signs , we 'll be just talking about the archetype of Gemini , not about the person who was born in Gemini. Okay , and speaking about Gemini , today we have their special date , because the day today is like a perfect mirror balance , like twin watching each other.

So the day today is like that mirror. So today is the 12th of the month , two , zero two of 20 21. So if you 're rated on one side to another , you will read exactly the same. So that 's their Gemini.

So let 's start with the archetype of Gemini. Today , remember that Gemini is related to the throat chara. Throat chara. So it 's perfectly related because it is the communication , the one that speaks , the talk that relates with the words.

So it 's perfectly related to what we have to do today. Yesterday I have this link up , and today is the worst. So Gemini is the physical aspect of the Trinity of air. So Aquarium.

So Gemini is the physical aspect of the Trinity of air. This means that it is the one that manifests. It is the one that manifests the mind of Aquarium that is balanced in the scale of libera , finding harmony. So the only way the air can manifest is by communication.

Gemini manifests through communication , the information of these other two. So Aquarium is expanding this mind of ideas and libera finds symmetry and harmony between this polities in order to be able to catch the creation of this mind. So it gets this balance and then Gemini will be able to communicate to make communicate these two parts. So it connects both of them.

So it can relate one another and they can be able to manifest something. So the idea of the air would be that if Aquarium is the networks and we are all an end-work. In order for this to work really as a network and not as structural or pyramidal idea of system. What this network needs is to find balance in between each one of the nodes of this network.

And the most important thing that this network needs in order to work is communication between the nodes. So the interaction of information between these two different parts of the net is the one that makes a network work. So that 's why it 's so important that communication. It 's important to understand that even if now we are entering in the Aquarium time , Aquarium is something that expands that is free.

So if we want to build a society for this new era , we should not only think as Aquarium , we should remember that Aquarium is only the spiritual idea , the idea of this era. But it 's not just that era , it 's a part of a Trinity , it 's the spirit of a being that we call the air. So the only way in which we can be able to create the ideal of Aquarium in this new time is if we find the balance within ourselves , in between the different parts. And we communicate these parts , calling ourselves as brotherhood.

We have to become brothers and sisters siblings that can communicate constantly to each other. This is the only way we can really manifest. This means that Gemini is the body because we are living in third dimension. We are living in third dimension.

So the aspect to make Aquarium work is Gemini. When we have been speaking about how to manifest this new reality , we have to remember that the main thing to do is to communicate better because the word is the one that creates. The way in which we are going to be able to manifest Aquarium in our reality is through the positive aspects of Gemini , which is to speak , to express what we have with them , to recognize what we are and to share it with others. To spread the word , because as we have been speaking in the first month , the thing that created everything is , is the word , the sound , the vibration.

So the vibration is the one that , the vibration is the one that creates and manifest realities. What you say can become reality. So this is why Gemini is so important to be in balance so we can manifest this reality by talking. So Gemini is one of those constellations that we can see from every part of the world.

It 's a tropical constellation because of this , this constellation was representing something that happened to many of these civilizations and cultures that were living through the years in this planet. The history of the constellation of Gemini is bounded by two big stars of this constellation , this solid sign that are the stars that we call today , master and polo 's. These two names are the names of two brothers that were brothers from the same mother but from different fathers. The mother was Lena and the fathers were one of them of polo 's was the god sinus and for master was the king of the partner.

So this means that master was mortal and polo 's was immortal was a god. This story tells that these two brothers , they loved each other so much a lot and that they lived many stories altogether. And they loved each other so much that they could n't be apart from each other but of course master was mortal so in one of the battles he was arm and he died. So this polo could n't stand that truth so he asked to sinus he 's that to kill him and to make him mortal so he could go to the others to the other world to live with his brother or he asked is he able to come to the world.

So sinus decided to take both brothers and made them into stars and that 's why we have these two big stars called master and polo 's in this case. The story from the Greek tradition but of course if you read the Egyptian tradition they will speak that this are two brothers and is siblings sorry a brother and a sister but they were living together all the time representing the positive and the negative this guy and the earth. Both positions as unity like if they were one the integration of the duality. So for the Asian tradition this two stars will represent the yin and the yang which is the positive and the negative.

So now about the history of why we call that jim and I. This has a relation with what we have been speaking in the Libre about exchange remember that we were exchanging by the weight of the things but there is a moment when we have to go and look for this product to be able to exchange that. Okay , so that that is something that we call the market the the fairs. The places where of celebration where the people go and sell by exchange share different things okay so that moment was after the tourist constellation in torus they prepared the earth.

They prepared the ground they they saw the first seeds they had the first products so what they did after that was going into these kind of fairs and to these kind of. Gathering where different tribes and different people different villages come together to share in this market and to sell to. To sell to buy to exchange things to share things and so on but not only food or products for the fields. They also start to share.

Information because people from different parts they came teaching new in new words new ideas the kids starts to to play with different. Different. Different things. Different kids from different villages friends that never that has been.

Years without seeing it or month without seeing them each other they get together again and they start to share and play and celebrate and love and so on so they the communication. They are very different people that are very different from one another they start to get together to join in one same spot to share. To have fun and and to learn to learn new things. So this is why when that happened with those gatherings where happening in the beginning of the summer.

People knew that this stars were in this car so that 's why they. That 's why they related that time with Gemini which is different brothers that are very different from one from each other they get together and they love each other they. Like one. So as you have seen now.

The symbol of Gemini is the balance between the positive and the negative. This two stars classroom polo the tries to balance both sides. The ancient symbol with which we know Gemini is the symbol here. The one we call Jing and Yang.

Okay do n't say so we have Gemini constellation. So when we speak about Jing and Yang we usually have this misconception about what the symbol really means because. We used to say that the white is the is the good one and the black is the bad one so we used to say everything that is good has something bad on it everything that is bad has something good on it and that 's the symbol. But that 's not very.

Yang that 's more racist in such a way. So as just just to make it clear of why we believe that black is bad and white is good. It 's something that we have to understand from the very beginning okay from the very beginning we have to remember that for us. The the night which is darkness is really bad thing because in the night we do n't know what is going to kill us we do n't know what is going to.

You know. Like we 're animals and we can see properly and so on so that 's why we relate the black things. The the the night the darkness with this weird animals that we create in our minds like. The demons and monsters and so on.

So that 's what we start to create with this and also the rotten food used to get black so something that can kill us if we eat it. Maybe we can die okay so in our subconscious through thousands of years we start to create idea that the black is bad. And then we create the idea of the white being good because during the day with the light with the colors with the sun we were able to see we were able to reach clarity we were able to. To understand what are the fruits that makes us good and we we can handle the lot that that 's why we started to relate to everything that is white or with colors that was something good and the dark.

The black is something bad and of course later they started to relate that with the with the people so they started to say that. By the logic of thousands of years they thought okay so bad so the black people is bad and the white people is good and that it 's one of them me some the standings of of these two colors that is not related to bad or good. So young is not representing the good things and the bad things the young is representing the manifested. And the in manifested is representing the everything and the nothing.

Okay that 's what is representing this symbol not good no but is manifested and in manifested. Okay. So what this means really is that everything that exists and is limited manifested in this reality. Has within a part a time apart that is eliminated.

That does n't have any limits so it 's able to transform in anything even if it is already limited by the outside. And in the other side everything that is infinite has the potential to manifest and create something. It 's like the dreamer and the dream is like the artist and the art of that artist. And the point this symbol is not about two different concepts against each other.

This is speaking about a concept of two different things that complement each other that need each other in order to exist. That this two are the stars. Pastor and Poll. So we could say that.

Pastor is the star here that is whole. Hard. But its brother Poll which is the in manifested. And here Poll the in manifested one is surrounded and hot by the spirit of its brother and pastor.

So both of them are holding each other to manifest to create. So this is the most important key of Gemini. The communication of two opposite parts. So the task of Gemini is to help us find a bound.

A communication between the manifested and the in manifested between the feminine and the masculine between. The positive and the negative. So remember these are not opposite concepts that are speaking about a war against the good and bad. The woman and the men is not separated.

Both are only one being. Created the whole. So now something happened that Gemini is able to love both sides because. Is everything.

Gemini is everything. Gemini can be in the manifested and the in manifested in the visible and the one that is shown. Equally. It can feel and perceive the reality either side it does n't matter.

The inner aspect the outer aspect is the same. So Gemini is a really good master into. Communicate what is within and what is outside. Gemini is the concept of.

I understand what is inside of me and I think communicate what is within into the outside and I can communicate what is outside and within. I have a good communication between both sides. And because it 's so easy for the Gemini aspect to communicate between the one the things that are hidden within and things that are shown outside. It does n't matter which person you put in front of the Gemini it will find a way.

To speak in the same language to communicate with all the people because it 's easier for them to position itself in either side. And what is the concept? The negative concept of Gemini because of this. Because Gemini is so easily transformed by the energy of everyone that is outside because it can be either side and to.

To transform in anyone that person is talking to that this person. From gets. Point really is. It 's ability to become the other in the communication.

Makes very easy for it to forget who it is. It loses the center because it tries to be nice with the other. So it comes a moment for a Gemini that is so easy to mutated into one to another. And both sides become like kind of.

Masked. And it can change constantly from one side to another. So they start to forget who they really are. So this energy makes the Gemini people or the Gemini concept.

Very bipolar. And what is bipolar it means that has two poles. Which means that this concept. The Gemini concept.

It 's something that. It ca n't decide for one. Altitude for one point of view because for them. Everything is possible.

All the posture are real. So that 's why they do n't really know. Which one to pick? The civilization that we have today is very related to Gemini.

Because. Never in history we have living. We have lived in a civilization that was so connected. Everyone is connected.

We can talk to each other. We can send messages. We can post things. Everything is totally connected.

All the time. It 's interconactivity constantly. So that 's very Gemini. But also what we do in this civilization.

Is to take the back part of Gemini. We do everything. Fake in things. Just to be accepted by others.

Not being ourselves. So one of the concepts of Gemini of this time would be. Concentrated in Facebook for example. Because the goal is not to be yourself.

The goal is to have many friends. It 's possible. This is why this civilization is so related with Gemini. Because we are beginning a new era that is called Aquarium.

And if we are in this new era. In the third dimension we can manifest Aquarium through Gemini. So if we do n't go through the process of communication and interact each other. To learn how to be all communicated.

We can not live in the Aquarium time. We need to learn how to communicate as Gemini. So we have to go through the wrong process of Gemini to learn about it. To manifest that.

And what I am seeing. It 's not judging what we are living in this society today. Because sometimes we can speak about this like if , oh my god , we are living the negative aspect of Gemini. We have to get rid of it and to heal that and so on.

But no. We should not do that. We should not think that we are living the bad things. We are learning.

And when you learn you make mistakes. And the civilization is making mistakes. Because we are learning. So right now we are like brothers fighting each other.

And making big mistakes in the communication. Because we need to learn how to communicate. That 's why we make mistakes. We are kids and we have siblings and we fight for one toy.

Eventually we will recognize that we have to share the toys. But in order to get to that we have to go through the process. There is no process of apprehension without mistakes. So everything is fine.

We are just learning. We are a civilization of siblings. Trying to learn how to communicate to one another. And learn how to live without mistakes.

So we will talk about the opposite , of course , eventually. But of course that the opposite side , which is the complementary side , is Sagittarius. And Sagittarius in the other side of Gemini is the one that says , If there is a conflict between two people , Sagittarius just disappears. It just laugh a little bit and make some smoke and go wrong away.

That 's the way of Sagittarius instead of say and speak and talk. So let 's go to the information for today. The vibration for today is big. The statement is iron nourishment of truth.

The code for today is inside within. Everything that exists is our outer world. In our outer world is nothing more than the projection of the inner world. From the mental base , it 's all an anger , or a generate from the mind that projects in the world a forms thought through action.

From the energetic base , all attitude come from an emotion or a feeling. And from the material base , everything we see in existence is a fractal of waves and particles that combine inside things. This way , the answers are always within. Let 's go to the length.

See the comfortable closer eyes and concentrate in the breathing. I become aware of my feet and hands. I start to move slowly. My feet and circles fill in my toes.

My fingers and hands. I do the same. Now , I start to coordinate feet and hands. My pay attention to the movement and everything that one of my foot does , the other one , the same with my hands.

Every movement , everything that my hands are doing , one of them , immediately the other one. Like a mirror. I 'm in this attention to the mirror. To my arms and my legs.

I play making shapes. Like this eye on a mirror. I become aware that myself , I am a mirror. And that each part of me is reflecting.

One side of me is light and the other one is shadow. One side of me is within and one side of me is outside. I am in this attention to the movement and everything that I do. I become aware that myself , I am a mirror.

I recognize that everything that my light being does is imitate it by my dark being. This is how I recognize that everything that I see outside is thought or good. It 's just a reflection of what is within me. I am in this attention to the movement and everything that I see outside is thought or good.

This is how I can see the north and south of me are mirrors. These two are mirrors. This is how I also can understand that everyone that is outside of me is my reflection. That all my siblings , brothers and sisters are my dreams.

And I observe in front of me. The constellation is Gemini. My dream from the heavens of the warm I am on earth. And this is there where I recognize what the dream soul means.

What the dream flame is , it 's not someone outside. It 's my own self divided in the aspect of the manifested projectors from their human existence. And it 's there what I find. The truth and the notion myself , my being.

The truth and the notion myself , my being. The truth and the notion myself , my being. The truth and the notion myself , my being. The truth and the notion myself , my being.

The truth and the notion myself , my being. The truth and the notion myself , my being. The notion myself , my being. The notion myself , my being.

The notion myself , my being. The notion myself , my being. The notion myself , my being. The notion myself , my being.

The notion myself , my being.