Hi everyone , good morning , good afternoon , good evening. We are now in the city of Luxo , which is the solar plexus of the Nile. And today we have been in the Temple of Edfouc , the Temple of Hours , where the topic for today was forgiveness. We have only three days more to finish our month of pieces with this.

So as you have seen , I 've been the whole month a little bit sleepy. So three days we begin with the month of areas. So it 's an intense energy. So let 's see what happens.

I 'm pointing at this idea of forgiveness today. And also the concept that we have only three days left for the end of pieces. Because we have gone through eight months of the process of the spirit and the soul of the 12 solar extends. And we are finishing in three days with the concepts of the soul and the spirit.

And this means that we now begin the four months of manifestation of the body. And so related to the root chara today for forgiveness is about to give away all the things that we have been going through this past eight months. So we can manifest something new in this new four months. I explained some day before I do n't remember when that the reason why we did n't begin by the physical and ended in the spiritual like in this process of ascension to the spiritual world is because our goal with this path is not to go to the heavens.

But to bring that heaven here or earth to manifest those realities that are in the subtle planes here in this matter. So that 's why we end with this with this four months of physical manifestation of this will of 12 signs. Today we are connected to the root chara which is related to the physical aspect of the fruits of pieces energy. And this fruit of pieces is what we call the is what we call forgiveness.

And we are connected to the root chara which is related to the spiritual world. Means four is two and give well it 's to give basically English okay so the the concept of forgiveness is the ability to give something for or something to. So this meaning this concept is that. Kind of the opposite of receiving receiving comes from the Latin concept of recovery that means to capture the word capture is the same origin of receiving.

So the origin of the word so to capture things to take things for you that would be receiving is to take again to capture things again once again for myself. So the opposite of receiving would be for giving which is to leave the things away to let the things go. So for forgiveness in our cultures today to forgive is related culturally with a concept with a Christian concept mainly the religious way in which when we ask for forgiveness we kind of ask for the freedom of the guilty. Of the the blame the judgment that another person has has put on us because of our mistakes so we did something wrong so we kind of asked the other one to set us free from that mistake asking for forgiveness.

The ones that that says I forgive you. They are like kind of setting the other person free from the from that weight so it 's like someone saying. I said you free I do n't care about what you did. But actually it 's not exactly like that so as always we are here to raise and patterns so it 's not exactly that.

So when we go to the ideology of the word forgiveness we can relate that we are not setting free the other one because. The etymology of the word is saying that I am giving something from me something that I had within in my own okay. So that would be. The concept of forgiveness something that you have within that you are given away.

So forgiveness is related with letting something go away to give something away. So it 's not that you 're setting someone free from the mistake is basically that you are given away your perception of. The mistake of the other. So it 's basically and.

Clearly related to what I feel according to the mistake of the other. So when we when we. Something that we have been speaking for for a long time is so understand that. Everything that you feel that you think that you.

Receiving your body in your soul in your spirit is not part of the other one is only within you. So when you feel hunger when you feel rage when you feel happy when you feel love. All those emotions are inside of you are not in the other person when you love someone you 're not loving the other person you are feeling that love within you. This means that you had that love not the other one when you hate someone is not because the other person represents the hate.

It 's because you have that hate inside. So that 's why you can feel it. So actually when we feel the emotions we are attached to the concepts the ideas of this. Of this emotions and we live through those emotions our life and we blame others.

We say that the others are guilty for what we feel but actually it was never like this because everything that we have inside is only hours so what we feel is ours. So the reason why. Usually with struggle with this is because. We blame others for what we feel so we kind of say that whatever happens to us is because of the others so we take all our responsibility away and we do n't.

We do n't take awareness of. The reality that we have that emotion inside of us is not the other one 's that had. So when we become aware about we being the source of that emotion and energy we start to realize that we have to let go that energy in order to be able to transform to transcend. That.

That emotion that stop us and that does n't allow us to move forward. So I start to look for freedom. So actually. How.

Do I set myself free. By giving away the things that stuck me and does n't allow me to move forward. So by for giving. To give to the world what is here inside of me.

I have to give to the liver to the world those energies that are stuck within my system. So as you see in this explanation. The action of forgiving is not to set the other one free. It 's actually to set myself free from my own perception.

Of the other one. So I release the tension of. Of this of this energy that I have inside. I explain something that in in Spanish , but English does n't make sense.

I guess. No. Sorry. Learn Spanish.

It 's just that. It 's just that there 's a word in Spanish that is. Not being guilty. Like sorry.

It 's like the the the translation and English would be like I 'm sorry. Apologize. I. Yes , but I was.

So when when you. Apologize is not the same as forgiveness. It 's not exactly the same. So.

So say it 's like and guilty. Yes , the suspension is like and guilty , which is like out of the heat of the. Yes , right. Yeah.

I 'm sorry for this. I 'm sorry for this. So I 'm sorry. I 'm sorry.

So I 'm sorry. I 'm sorry. Now it 's it 's this is apology apology apology apology. Apology.

Apology basically means. To go beyond of the topic. Apologize. Apologize.

I 'm sorry for this , but I go beyond this thing that happened. Apology and so that would be like setting free something from a conflict. That that you have and sorry comes from the word sorrow. So it 's like you feel sad for the things that happen.

Basically so it 's nothing related with for gift. Okay , for likeness is not the same as apology because apology is trying to set you free from something and forgiveness comes from within is something that you take out the weight that you have within you 're not setting free someone from the outside. You 're just trying to. To set yourself free from your own.

So now when we. When we think about. For likeness. We have to remember that the gift of forgiveness is not something that makes you feel superior because you have the right consciousness of forgiven someone and setting free the other ones from their.

Mistakes. Now whenever you are ready to save for give you I forgive you or forgive me. Remember that when you are doing that is all about yourself is about to take out all the weight that you 're carrying from the perception of the other person and when you did that to your own you are setting free the other one from that mirror from that perception. The concept of working with forgiveness.

It 's not that you are. Doing this for the other forgiveness is to. To let you know that you are setting free yourself in order to move forward to transform yourself into the next stage. So really we are for give for given us from those things that we have within the best way to transform to give this.

This for likeness is by speaking by speaking out loud the truth why I 'm feeling like this why I have to say this or. To show my position in the things so not to shut up. To share the energy that I have inside to speak it out loud. So once I say the things that I have to give in order to forgive the other one just.

If the other one does know how to handle that energy. That is what that person needs to forgive. To himself or to itself. It 's not our problem anymore.

When we today I gave the example of this with electricity. Maybe it 's a weird way to understand forgiveness with electricity but. Actually the the the meaning of forgiveness as I said. Is the opposite of receiving.

So now imagine an electrical field positive and negative the negative is receiving you receive energy the positive is to give energy. So you receive the energy constantly from others and you give the energy to the world like in torus. That 's how you get light. The positive and negative.

Currents you get light on. On the lamp. So this is the constant movement but what happened if that energy that you receive. Has a problem has a mistake.

So that mistake if you do n't give it away. You will have that mistake inside and it wo n't help you to make light. So when you receive the energy with a mistake you have to forgive it. In order to keep the circuit with light.

Okay otherwise you have like. How to say quarter to the window. Sure. Sure.

Sure. Oh , I like to. The lights goes away. So.

So. What what happens to us in this. In this concept is that if we do n't forgive the energy if we do n't give it away that energy we have the problem now we 're own. So we 're going to use that to take back the energy and use it to make it.

So we do n't have the problem in our house. So that 's why when we forgive. It 's not about setting free the others. Is n't about to protect our own.

In our own body. In our own body. Maybe this is a bit selfish way to understand forgiveness , but it 's much more objective than Catholic. So , yeah.

So , I guess it 's easy , but we have to practice it. So , just as another detail , remember that the discharge to perception that we have of forgiveness and the mistakes of others , because when we think that we have to forgive the mistakes of others , we have to remember that there is no others in the universe that actually is the whole system , a constant system of energy , where the others are the transform , how to say transform , how to say transformer , yeah , of energy. So , but the energy is always the same , flowing around everybody. So , if the other makes a mistake is done with the same energy that we are sharing.

So , this is why it 's much more useful , I guess , to understand the forgiveness as a secret of energy. So , we know how to use it and why we need to forgive in our daily life. Let 's go to the information from today. The diversion for today is told.

The statement for today is I am the universe , the manifested universe. The code for today is Sagittarius. By finding the truth , the spirit 's fire awakens , which in our skies is seen as those centaurus that moves around the mythological earth with the strength of the horses and the intellect of men. This , it 's the search for truth , the objective of the spirit , where these stars are in the highest.

Being its attributes , the coming out from the comfort of earth and water , to jump into the world on a journey of transformation , adventure and wisdom. We see it comfortable , close your eyes and concentrate in your breathing. It 's better performed. Take it to the breath and start to carry it in the such softly , each of your body from your feet till your head becoming aware of each part of it.

Feet legs , genitals , keeps back. Chest , hands , arms and shoulders. This Ace hand-had! Greetings!

I take a deep breath , holding the tension with strength in all the body. And let it go. Relating. Take a deep breath and take your attention to the coolest parts of your body right now.

Where you feel pull. It can be just a tiny part of your body or many big parts of the same time. And I become aware that these parts of cold are the places of the energetic circle , mistakes , folds in my magical field. It 's in this part of the body where I can find the stock energy.

The one that does n't move related to them states in the rank or that I feel with the world and with others. I open myself to perceive what are those things , those people that I was n't able to forgive yet. I try to feel and see the faces , the situations , of those things that I can not forgive yet. I bring all to me.

I serve and recognize that all those things live only within me. And they are hurting only to my own system. I recognize that all these facts , these situations , these faces , does n't have the conflict. It only mean who is stuck in this energy.

If it is my will to move forward in evolution , I must recognize now that it 's my decision to stare and watch into the faces of these beings and save for me. And I save this to each one of them. I accept and even pizza in the count. This is n't my weight anymore.

The fruit of forgiveness is freedom. Breathe. And through these greetings with my resonance , vibration. I said free flourishing the freedom in me by forgiving all the people that is connected to me.

And through these greetings with my resonance , vibration. And through these greetings with my resonance. I am the manifest of the universe. I am the manifest of universe.

I am the manifest of universe. Actually , I see everything in my mind. The universe is 저 is Every territory I dat is competing for right. No need for each one of them chasing me.

Soaring requires everything , just as their destination is in everyday life to come ill , And we 'll be using it. Take your breath and start to bring all the stitches through your body , various things stretching and warning. And each one at some time , come back here and now. Thank you everybody for being here.

Once again , I always wish you very good moon and liberate. A good day for forgiveness , full moon and liberate. So to forgive the all things to begin in your relations. See you tomorrow , I 'll always , at the same time.

That 's it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.