Hi everyone. Good morning. Good afternoon. Good evening.

So let 's begin with an issn topic , which is melancholy. So first of all , let 's try to understand what melancholy is. Melancholy is comes from the Greek word death , which is black and collect. That means , melts , you say , melts , melts , melts , melts , melts , melts.

Bill , okay , bill. So , which is this , this , equation , this equation that is created in the liver and that goes to the stomach to this composed the food. So , we could , um , we can absorb better the nutrients in the intestines. So remember what we have spoken today , we talk about humor.

So , melancholy is one of those humor , which is one of those liquids that of the four liquids that integrate philosophy they said. It was one of the four that created us that we have inside. So remember that we have spoken about this four humor that , that we have been , that they have been created now , inside of our body. And then we have the fifth humor.

And the fifth humor is the one related to the soul. Remember that we have spoken about this , which is the one that they call Num , which is the breathing related to the lungs. But that today , this , this humor , we call it the one related to the soul , which in Greek is ecology. So , um , this ecology of our humor will embrace every one of the humor of our body.

And this is how this , um , the holly , the , the bio , we start to also take it from a , from a psychological point of view. And this , psychological , going to view will be melancholy. And why melancholy? Because if the bio is trying to process the food for us to absorb it.

So , by the percent , the soul , this means that the things that we are living are not being able to be processed by us. So , we can not handle it. And that 's melancholy. This is how a biological , um , aspect becomes a psychological concept.

So , the process , the biological process , is exactly like this logic process. We would say , we have some food and the food , we eat the food and it goes through the digestive system. So , what I ate , it goes down and basically , when it arrives to the stomach , the bio from the liver will , this could pose that food. So , intestine can absorb it and post it , but , and then the hormones take all the , what is necessary , and bring the energy to the cells.

And what it 's not useful , I just let it go in shape of P or P. In the other , the psychological way , something that I am living , something that I am not being , that I am eating emotionally. So , goes within my body , I process it , I try to understand each one of the parts of it , assimilate each , each , um , nutrients of these situations for myself. And what I do from this situation , I just give it away , and the rest becomes part of me by becoming wisdom. So , when comes the melancholy , melancholy comes when I am trying to process an information that I ate , and I do n't want it to change when I do n't want for that to turn , and when you eat something , it will have to transform by force , because everything that comes in with the different when it comes out.

So , melancholy would be , I do n't want that to change , I want for it to be exactly the same as it was before. This is my capacity to allow things to be different to transform. So , we usually relate melancholy with this concept of being sad , to be like crying and sad , but it 's not exactly that. So , the melancholy is much bigger.

It 's trying to live in the past , even if everything has changed. So , for example , that people that live still in the 70s , and they say , oh , the 70s were the best years ever , I do n't know. So , even if it is 2020 , they still live like if it is the 70s , wearing clothes like the 70s , listen the same music , stain all that time with the best one , that 's melancholy , living in the shape that has already changed. So , we are all melancholy , melancholy is in some way , even if you are having fun.

So , not relate melancholy with cry , with being crying and sad , but we relate melancholy with the concept of not being able to process that things has changed. In our culture , we used to get attached to the shapes. It happens to all of us. So , it happens to all of us that we used to attach to something to the shapes.

We do n't want the things to change. We want to live happily and we do n't want things to transform themselves. When we see something that is good , that is nice. When you experience something that is good , you want it to last forever.

And that 's natural , that 's cultural also. For some of the cultures that has been told since they were kids , like in Buddhism , with all these practices that they do with the mandal , that they create these beautiful big mandal and you say , wow , they are beautiful. They just erase everything and you may say , why? Why?

It 's so beautiful. But that 's the practice. They are practicing to not be attached to the shapes. And the hard work is just for a moment.

That everything is for here and now and nothing is forever. And we have to practice that in our lives. So something that we have to acknowledge is that we have to practice to let it go the shapes to transform , because life will transform us anyway by dying when you die. So remember that death is not of anything.

It 's just the continuation of life. To die is only a big change that life keeps going. It keeps moving on. So whatever you perceive , you feel you want and you felt like good in your life , you will create it in the mind of the fourth dimension after you die.

So you will create these concepts out of time and out of space. And you will be trapped in your melancholy. All the people that was n't taught to be free is all people that are living. In the lower astral , in the fourth dimension , they are living a life that does n't belong to them anymore.

So this makes that in a world like ours , the astral , the fourth generation. It 's feel , feel with thousands billions of those people that we used to call spirits or ghosts. What are ghosts? They are melancholy ghosts and call it people.

And in the fourth dimension , you can find people that is happy that they are living happily. And there are people that are sad and lost. Well , they are all melancholy people. All that people , all those who are living in the fourth dimension in the lower astral.

They are living their lives like if they are not dead. But they live in a dimension where transformation does n't exist. So they are trapped. They are trapped in a place where there is no change where they are living constantly the same.

And for those people , it 's easier to come back here. And to be reborn again , to come back to the matter , then to go into the light. I like YouTube pay attention for a moment. I 'm going to say now , because when you are asking , I will answer it.

So just pay attention to this for a moment. So right now , I would ask for you to stop thinking about these people like the loved ones that are not dimension. And ask the living ones trying to help them. We stop thinking about that now for a moment.

So take this image. This here is like gravity. So we have here that the most heavy part of the reality is here in the center. So it 's heavy.

So all the rest that is not as heavy as the one in the center will fall towards it because this one here is bending time and space. It 's bending it because if so heavy , everything starts to fall down like this. So in our solar system , for example , we have the sun and each one of the fingers will be the planets. So we have like this the solar system , okay?

And the planets were started to fall down towards the sun by thousands and billions and billions of years after they started to fall down. So all the planets go to the sun is that the sun is so heavy that bends curves the time and space. So the planets fall down like doing this and putting all together again. So from the nine dimensions that exist in our reality , which one do you think is the.

. . So imagine this that the sun , if we , the third dimension is the heavy. So the third dimension , the third dimension will be the sun of our universe.

So the fourth dimension will be mercury. The fifth dimension will be Venus. The sixth dimension will be Earth. The seventh dimension Mars , the eighth dimension Jupiter , the ninth dimension will be Saturn.

We live in the third dimension , imagine that there is a moment that we go out of the solar system. We want to go out. So from the sun has an explosion , a sun storm and it goes away. And it goes the first planet that it will go through is mercury and then Venus and then Earth.

So mercury will be the fourth dimension and mercury also will be the first one on the liver and dead light back to the sun. Okay , because the closest one , so the when the light goes to mercury , it goes back by reflection goes back really fast. So this means that all the things that live in the fourth dimension are more willing to come back to the sun to the third dimension than going to higher the men 's. It 's more easy for them to come back because in mercury in the fourth dimension everything is related to the sun.

So everything is basically equal like the sun. This is a comparison. This is not , I 'm not saying that we are the sun. Okay , no , this is a logical comparison because it 's something that you can not relate to because it 's not the dimension.

So it 's difficult to understand it. Where to put the fourth dimension if you do n't compare it with something natural that we have here. Is an example. What I want to explain with this with this analogy is that every this dimension is constantly coming back to the third dimension by gravity.

By gravity comes back to the third dimension. So the reason why I 'm comparing this with the sun and gravity is to help you to understand this. That today we are working with the plexus , the solar plexus and listen to the name. The background solar plexus is related to the sun.

The solar plexus is the one that gives energy to the liver to the stomach , to the pancreas. So where the bile is moving around. Okay , so this part here is the point of gravity of our body. This is the heaviest point where all the gravity goes.

So taking this image. Taking this image. Now imagine that this is not the sun and the planets. Okay , that this now is here is the solar plexus which is your liver , your pancreas , your stomach and this that before we 're the planets now they are organs.

The heart , lungs , the brain , intestines , genitals. So all of them go to the center to the solar plexus. In the same way as for all the dimension , third dimension is the center of gravity where all the rest fall down. The sun is the point of gravity where the planets fall down.

The pancreas that I just said system is where all the rest of the systems go down. And the plexus , the energy to go down. Go to it. This is why the solar plexus is the point where we have all the links with all the people that is alive or dead through every dimension.

And this is why the only thing that connects us through all the dimensions to other beings is the plexus. And this is why through dimensions and history from the fourth dimension all my ancestors act with me and through me by the emotions in the solar plexus. But what this means that if I am the little aspect , the third dimensional aspect of all the other dimensions , this means that my body and my pancreas and all this region here will be the anchor of gravity of hundreds of people that are dead. But they are from my tree of life for my family tree.

So this means that from the fourth dimension there are hundreds of beings that they used to or yeah they intend to fall down in spiral towards my solar plexus. And now there is another important fact that the solar plexus is the one related also with the I am. So the reason why I can not be myself , I can not connect with myself is because I am trying to be all this audience in other dimensions that are trying to live through me , which I call my ancestors , living through my body. So the first thing that we can think is two things.

How can I set myself free from that and how can I help the others to set them to set them so free? We would say why they do n't keep moving to the fifth dimension to the sixth dimension , why they keep coming here. So the reason why they do n't keep moving is because two senses. One is all time , every all time was better and also better.

Better about things that you know , I do n't know the senses in English , is better about things you know than a good thing that you do n't know. I do n't know how you say it in English , but that 's the concept. So one of the main reasons why a lot of people stay here is because by culture and by religion they have been said they have been told that after death it comes the judgment where you go , have n't helped. But the rather stay with what they know than keep going.

So how do we change this? Well , it 's easy. You do n't have to help them because you have to remember that everything you , the main concept we 're working with is I am. So I am.

And if I am , so they are also myself. So I do n't have to help them to keep moving and then the free. What I have to do is to set myself free to myself own freedom. And because they are all connected to myself through the places when I set myself free , they will find freedom because I will be flourishing them with freedom.

So I do n't have to say to them go to the light. No , because when I find my freedom , I will be enlightened and by enlightenment they will see the light. So it 's my job. So what it is to be free is to be able to be without nobody saying to me what I should be easy.

So with this that I am saying , I am not saying that you should not help anybody in the other side. What I am saying is that of course there are people that have come here with the gift to help others to transcend. They , they see the dead people , they know how to help them , they learn how to do it. So they will do it.

It 's their job is their mission in life. And that 's perfect because it 's what they have to do. But I am saying this for the people that is working just for the self. And of course our responsibility is the people that is connected to us because they are our ancestors.

So that 's the , the melancholy level. I heard a question , there was why they , some people charge to do that. So the , about the question of , of why to charge this mission. So in the same way of why you go to the restaurant and why you have to pay for , for a dish of , or a foot.

Because there was a job behind that that they have to , to work for it so you can eat. And also when you go to the psychologist , the psychologist is also working with you , putting all the time for you to , for , for , help you. And it 's not doing other things to eat. So it 's putting all the energy on helping you because he has to , or she has to study or whatever to do that.

But they also have something inside. And also , so when you have a , if you have a , a gift , is something that you can just , and exchange with energy. And that 's it. So it 's something that you know how to do and that 's it.

So for , um , it 's totally different what I 'm doing here , for example. I am not charging everything for doing this. Why? Because for me , this , what I 'm doing now is a service.

Because I have a gift and if you would be the one saying , I want , I want to come and you to teach me to do that. I could be do something else. So I decide to teach you or whatever or do something with you. So that takes my time.

So I can charge for this because basically I am working because someone wanted. But this what I 'm doing now , I ca n't charge it because my service is something that I know that I have to do. And nobody asked me to do it. I want to share it.

So it 's a totally different energy. Okay. So totally different thing. I guess it 's important to explain this because there are some people that came to this reality to work.

Other dimensions , not on service to other dimensions. And it 's totally different to come on service than to come to work. Yeah , it 's very different. So this related to melancholy.

So about the topic of the apocalypse and those things that I wrote today , the blog. I will as always do a different video. Just explain about that. Just explaining about the whole prophetic things.

I want to clarify many things about that. And I just want to keep this videos to speak precisely about the information of everyday. So it 's more neutral. And they all are related.

So it 's better to talk altogether. So let 's go to the language. The vibration for today is view. So the statement for today is I am the transformation of the links of the types.

Okay. So it 's perfect for today. The transformation of the types or links. The code for today is the 9th dimension.

The center of all eternal possibilities in time is the eternal space. The 9th dimension speaks of the limited beings of the 3rd dimension , who managed to be constructors of realities in the 6th dimension , which in the 9th dimension become the invisible and eternal god or goddess. Here is where the basis of all quantum physics resides or nothing exists and those everything can exist. So some people were asking about why the screen yesterday , that 's scary.

So many people. The reason was because if we are just mediating and thinking , so the body is not acknowledging why we are really working. So we needed to work with them to go to the biology part for it to react to say what 's happened. So the body can acknowledge what we were working.

So all together as a network could could be in the same level , bringing up the vibration. Sorry. And as you gave up , I was supposed to do. So it was on purpose.

It 's comfortable. Start with my shoulders and circles. Until I let the weight fall down and relax , focusing only in my breathing. So you could be breath , being aware of the light that is around me.

I feel the light also irritating within me. I think when I control my Op Sylvaniclean , I suggest you need to pull me! To perceive all the people that I know around me. The closest ones , the farther ones.

The good ones and the bad ones , all around me. And today I also get in the ocean to all the beings and people that are dead living in the different astros. But now all around me. All of them , the good and the bad.

The living and the dead. They are all equally enlightened. Surrounded by delight that comes from me. I am the sun delight that connects them all.

Now I perceive them as parts of my own self , my own being. Like weight , in a great ocean. Shining due to my light. Take a deep breath and dive within the ocean.

Deeper and deeper to the subconscious , the shadow , the darkness. As I see the light vanishing , above. Within the darkness , I feel the pressure of all those who are connected to me. I set the intention.

I desire to be free and buy my freedom to set all them free. I pay attention to all those things that are not allowing me to be free. Hold my melancholy. What is the biggest melancholy of my soul?

And I sing to them. So in my singing , they are not afraid to come themselves. They are not afraid to come themselves. I am the transportation of bonds.

I am the transportation of bonds. I am the transportation of bonds. I am the transportation of bonds. I am the transportation of bonds.

I am the transportation of bonds. I am the transportation of bonds. I am the transportation of bonds. I am the transportation of bonds.

I am the transportation of bonds. I am the transportation of bonds. I am the transportation of bonds. I am the transportation of bonds.

I am the transportation of bonds. I am the transportation of bonds. I am the transportation of bonds. I am the transportation of bonds.

I am the transportation of bonds. I am the transportation of bonds. I am the transportation of bonds. I am the transportation of bonds.

I am the transportation of bonds. I am the transportation of bonds. I am the transportation of bonds. I am the transportation of bonds.

I am the transportation of bonds. I am the transportation of bonds. I am the transportation of bonds. I am the transportation of bonds.

I am the transportation of bonds. I am the transportation of bonds.