I have everyone morning evening with afternoon , again here from the garden outside. So today we begin with the physical wake of pieces. So just for you know this is the last day that I would be here in the garden. So tomorrow I come back to my home room.

But in three days I will go to the No in the boat. So I will be again in the night. So the topic for today regarding the Crown Chakra of the physical wake of pieces is psychology. So psychology I will try to be concrete with this.

Psychology comes from the word C-H. That means soul. C-H is the concept of the thoughts that moves you through life in week and in Latin the name is Animal. That means animation. So it 's the animated things.

The things that are in movement. So psychology is everything related to the movement of the soul. And for the ancient ones the idea was that soul was the movement that pushed us to action. The things that we had within that made us move through our life.

So for some cultures the soul is the part of the body that is living within that helps the body to have life to move. And the idea of this culture was that the body was like a prison for the soul. So what we needed to do is to set ourselves free from the body from this oppression of the reality that we suffer. So the soul needed to be released from this prison of the body.

So for some cultures and religions the soul is part of the being that is trapped in the body that needs to be released. And it 's to be free from the oppression of the reality. But from some other cultures the soul is not something trapped within is the essence is the main energy , the movement that makes our body alive. So it does n't need to be released it needs to be expanded according to these other traditions.

From the point of view of religion the story of the soul is that we wear the souls in the heaven and then we wear it same to life because of our sins or our mistakes. So during our lives we need to make us possible to make our soul much more lighter so we can set ourselves free. But for other religions the soul is something that we must fulfill with that must be fulfilled with the wisdom by doing questions by wondering about the truth. Through thousands of years the soul was taken as a spiritual concept something that is from other levels of reality from other perceptions from other dimensions or so on.

So it 's something divine living in this in this matter in this reality. But from other point of view which is the philosophy point of view the soul was not something divine was something human. So they started to work with the idea of the soul that is human. So the philosophy did n't see the soul as something spiritual related to the religion.

For the religions the soul was something that needed to be released but for the philosophy was something that needed to be feed by knowledge. So according to these the philosophy is kind of against the religion because philosophy means the love for wisdom. So wisdom the way you achieve wisdom is by questioning by doing questions to yourself all the time questioning the world which is exactly the against thing. The opposite idea of religion that are guided by dogma which are kind of enormous tips that says what to do when to do it.

So it 's better to follow and the philosophy basically is against that. It says that we need to question everything. So the philosophy has a problem for the ancient times and also today which is that it questions so much the things that you never find. And one of the main keys of cultures and religions and society is to find stability in the people so the people can live secure and safe.

Because of this philosophy was not the best system to follow if you want social order. This is why even though the sea stars and the emperors used to ask for advice to the philosophers to see a different perspective for the bigger population the religions were the best system because in that time that we needed structure because we did n't have many tools that like we had today that they needed to be guided to have order in the society. They needed religion in a way to keep the people safe and secure. So remember that when we understand this we should not judge history.

It was the best tool that they got in that moment because they did n't have all the tools like we have today. Through all the centuries it was better for the systems for the society to find the order through religion because the religion helped the politics economics to work better and much more ordered in that time. So that 's why they created the laws of the system that in Latin you know as norm. The norm is the name for the law of the Roman society and that 's the origin of the word formality formality something that is normal.

It means that it depends on the law , okay , on the established law for an empire for a government. So this is how the religion was kind of this sensor that could tell the system. What is under the normative and what is not under the normative. Basically the structure of the society , this religion created this idea that everything that is outside the normative is someone that is outside of the place.

Yes , that is someone that is not in the right place which in Latin you may say locus which is place locus is place. So the word location for example is the origin of that word in the romances languages we have this expression that is local that means to be outside the location , okay. So when you are out of the normative of the system you are outside so that 's at local local in English is crazy and crazy is the objective of being cracked. Something that is broken.

So when you break the law that is established by the government you are broken and if you break the law so you are cracking and this crack person is a crazy. Yes , so the crazy person is the one that is cracking the system basically throughout the history the people that were considered crazy where the ones that broke the idea of the system that they were thinking in a different way. So the crazy people used to be genius usually that the system said you are doing something different so you are not good. So the crazy people are the ones that start to judge sorry that the two questions the systems so when they question the system they start to.

So to tourism the soul to tourism the inner aspects of themselves. Besides all these crazy people that were asking questions and saying how can we understand the reality of the world the soul of the being we need to. Look for. For more questions within ourselves , but we need to understand how the body works.

To make science questions the religion said we do n't allow to open bodies we do n't allow to investigate how the human body works because the soul must be protected. So they consider a scene to make an autopsy in the past so you could not open to see the soul you needed to protect that the unity within. This represented a great delay in the understanding of the human being. So remember that in the Renaissance the people start to question again because they brought all the ideas from the Greek so they.

They took back the idea of the sea. So they started to awaken the soul again with the arts with the body trying to understand the the beauty of the nature question in the nature so that 's why they. The creative that the science as a way of understanding. In the last centuries.

So from that moment they created the study of things and the study of things in Greek you may say logos so everything that that ends in logic logic. And it represents the study of something. One of the studies that came out in the 1880s was the study of the soul and this concept was was brought because they were trying to understand where was the soul. So trying to find the soul now that you can open the bodies and you have the permission today to do the autopsy.

Nobody found the soul within the body. So if the soul was the movement that will of the body. So so some was the movement of the body. So what was moving the body.

So that was the nervous system and the nervous system was related to the brain. So the soul must be in the brain that is moving the entire body. So you can not investigate a brain that is dead. So you need to investigate how it works when you are alive.

So this is why they created the study by experimentation and questions to look for the patterns of how the brain works. So you can understand the soul. This is how in 1880 in Germany they started to find the study of the soul that we call psychology. So basically this psychology is the study of the attitudes of humanity , of the humans.

So now the psychology does n't have more than 150 years. So in comparison to the religions and the systems that have thousands of years where all this story , all the history , let us know that basically we were designed to find stability through the systems. So we are used to have systems that tell us what to do. Not to question the systems otherwise we lose stability.

We can feel unsafe. So because of this construction that we have in our psychology , in our mind , most of the people have a preconcept of psychology that they do n't want to know anything about it. Because psychology makes you question yourself. Makes you find the cracks on your mind and makes you find the answers that will change your life.

So psychology basically helps you to question yourself the tools that you have and helps you to transcend yourself to transform into another thing that is basically the fear that everyone has in in their lives. So basically today the people used to think that the psychology is like the medicine for the head , for the crazy ones. But it 's not a doctor , it 's not a physician like for example a psychiatrist. It 's helpful way to understand the things that you do n't know how to order within yourself.

So usually we say that this to go to the psychology is to be crazy. You have to be crazy because of that. Basically it happens that because through our lives , through our life , we usually try to protect ourselves from others. So we hold and hold all the trauma within until we can not hold them anymore.

So we crack. So when we crack and we lose our center , we become crazy. So that 's why we usually relate to go to the psychiatry or the psychology in the moment when we crack. Because we have been holding it a long time because we culturally , socially , we have been.

So not to share our weakness. We have been prepared to protect ourselves and not to show the weak part ourselves and not to share our feelings. So this is why we relate this psychology with something that is an illness from the head. Psychology is not about helping someone that got crazy.

We have about accompanying the people during the whole life to handle and to know the tools and the things that they have within and how to handle them. Of course that if we had this company of psychology throughout our entire life , we would be able to share what we feel. The emotions that we have within to understand how to listen to others and we would be able to expand our soul. So throughout our life , we would be much more ready , much more permeable to receive information to expand the soul as the ancient used to say.

So two things I will say as a task for the physical weak of pieces but for your entire life. Question everything that you have within and go to the psychologists. Let 's go to the information for today. The vibration for today is the new one which is ta.

The statement for today is I am the manifested spirit. The code for today is the gym now. In the times of work , it 's also time for exchange. The brother community is exchanged , battered , new the art of words , the sales from what new things it could be learned , new people were meant.

The brother community is commands this way for the expansion and growth. While this constellation was in the highest , for this the brothers , Gemini , represent communication , the speech , the word. The voices that fly in this car. Let 's go to the moment.

For the Double suffering acknowledge the the constant traits in your rating. Take a deep breath and start to carry a massage. Stretch part of your body from your peach towards the head. Softly smooth.

Become aware of each part that I 've touched. I become aware of my peach , my legs , my genitals , hip , waist , back , chest , arms , hands , shoulders. Make face and head. Softly , I start to massage my ears.

Touching each corner of it inside and outside. Softly , I start to massage my ears. I start to go up to the side of the head. I start to massage my ears.

Softly , I carry from the back , stretching all the tension until my feet. I feel the heat in my ears and how it goes within the center of my brain. I can feel the two parts of it , the right and left , hemispheres. I take a deep breath and perceive an explosion of colors from the center of my brain towards each part of it.

I perceive the memories , the thoughts , the emotions , all the records that make me be what I am here. I find a beautiful pearl that irritated all this colors. I remember that this land is the one that makes me be who I am , that makes me feel emotions , that creates my thoughts and that pushes my actions. I am here to see what I can find.

The essence , the whole , all the knowledge of my being , of the learning of my soul. I am here to see what I can find. I am here to see what I can find. I am here to see what I can find.

I am here to see what I can find. I am here to see what I can find. I am here to see what I can find. I am the manifesto spirit.

I am the manifesto spirit. I am here to see what I can find. I am here to see what I can find. I am here to see what I can find.

I am here to see what I can find. Thank you everybody for being here.