Hi everyone. Good afternoon , good evening to all of you from Luxo. Today we are here connecting to the Torah Torah 's Torah. Making a summary of the week , of the physical week and closing the month of Capricorn.

At least Capricorn ended. We finished with our past history and all the work to do. That 's what I think. I hope that even though the preconceived that we had of Capricorn , we have been able to enjoy it and to have learned many things.

We are closing the month of Capricorn with the topic of organism. First of all , let 's try to make a summary of the Capricorn energy. The Capricorn energy reminds us something really important that we are trying to do every day , which is to be constant. The energy of Capricorn shows us that we have to make great processes and to learn many things and that never is enough.

We need to go through many things and many works in order to understand how to accomplish a goal of purpose. It 's never enough for Capricorn and it 's always about doing something better. Constant is one of the main topics of the entire month. The important thing about this month of Capricorn is constantly because it 's a way to understand how the universe works.

Because the universe is not something that has an end. It 's nothing that you have to go through to accomplish something and you just finish it and that 's it. The universe is a constant process which is a eternity. And that eternity that process of eternity means that the universe is not going anywhere that is always in the same spot and it 's only expanding and coming back.

Why? Because constants come from the word con that means all the things and stand that means study which is to be in a place to settle. So constant means something that is always in the same spot. That 's why Capricorn teaches about constant sleep because it says it 's it 's never enough.

I will be always in the same spot which is the process. The same spot is the process. So the universe is in constant process of knowing itself. It 's an eternal process of expansion.

So the month of Capricorn is teaching us that there is no end that there is no a goal in the universe like enlightenment , like ascension , like going somewhere. It 's basically to know that this is an eternal process and that me myself. I am doing all this to try to expand to understand myself to see what am I capable of. So remember that in this expansion of the universe we go out in so many possibilities that is so wide that is impossible that is so easy to get lost.

So that 's why the universe creates patterns creates a plan creates all these different structures that are patterns ruled by loss. So we ca n't find our path and not to get lost in this expansion. So that 's another key for the Capricorn. This is the reason why the universe structure itself and creates all these patterns so we can use them to help us to not to get lost.

So all the structures of the universe are not there to put in us in limits and like in a cage. But to guide us and to help us not to get lost. So remember that is only when I acknowledge this that I start to use the patterns as tools and the tools are not using me. So this is why the main goal of the whole month was to learn how to use these tools of the universe.

And remember the sentence for the sentence for this month was I use because our goal is to learn how to use the instruments that we are. And that 's the topic for today instrument which in Greek you may say organ. So if organ in Greek means instrument organism. Organism means the movement of the organ or the instrument.

The action of the instruments. For sure you have heard these concepts through religion and also through the new age. People used to say we are instruments of God or we are the instruments of the. The universe.

For sure you have heard this sentence. Let 's go into understanding why people used to say we are instruments of the divine of the in different ways. Because as humans we have a very distorted perception of what is an instrument. So let 's go into that.

First of all let 's try to understand that we as humans we perceive the universe as the internal myself as a body as my mind and the external projected outside. So in this in this idea of. Deriving the universe. The reason why we perceive the universe like that is because we have eyes so we see outside and when we close our eyes we see inside so we project that everything that I see outside is.

Is separated from me because of this eye as an individual. I can use the outside or the outside can use me and this is born because of that polarity the projection of polarity. In all the universe remember by the law of polarity the universe projects itself. In correspondence so by this we create polarity positive and negative inside and outside.

So we move from the inside to the outside and we start to create by correspondence. But suddenly we start to leave this correspondence through the consciousness. And consciousness is the way in which the law of polarity and correspondence will be seen as duality. Quality is the unconscious way to understand the law of correspondence and polarity.

Which means that instead of seeing all the different possibilities of creation we just start to see inside outside or up and down or right and left. So just that we go from one point to another. So the concept is that there is no. That when we start to make like a pendulum like this once and again is not the law that is dropping you in this way of duality.

Is your perception of the law that drops you in this reality. Okay , I hope you get this because it 's important. So what happens through the unconscious way of this polarity? What happened is that usually by this law we have to interact.

To interact basically is interaction. Interaction means interaction means. Action in between okay , action in between. So it means that your action is linked to all the parts.

So you evolve by transformation using the forces of both sides. But when you are not. You are in in doing. In interaction.

What you create is contraction. Contraction we we can understand contraction by instead of just moving using the force of everyone in this connection. Contraction would be to go back to yourself and try to contract to put to put the strength in you. Okay , so when you will push it again.

You will use this strength against the other believing that is the opposite. So you fight against the other okay. So what happens in this movement is that we create the fight the conflict. We start to believe that the other is the opposite instead of the force that helps me evolve.

This is important to understand how we create all the wars the conflicts that we have in our lives. So this is why this is how the unconscious is being created. Believing that there is an external and an internal. So the unconscious is the one that believes that the external and the internal are one against the other instead of interacting.

An consciousness brings us to the coherence and how is that because the consciousness. Is the one that believes that the outside and the inside is different. It 's positive and negative and separated. And because of this we start to lose connection.

This connection that we are losing because we believe the things are separated are the ones that start to separate the links in between the spirit , the body and the soul. Because we start now to disconnect ourselves from the different realities. And this is why we become uncohirants. Why is this?

Because coherence means the transit of information from one to another. Co means in between many and in is that there is not. So in coherence is when you have not ability to share information in between different people , different aspects. So that 's coherence.

When you lose connection. So one lives in coherence when you are disconnected from your own self. So I hope that you could understood that you could be able to understand how consciousness is created and how. In coherence is created.

Otherwise you can check it again. But once you have this you will understand that we when we become uncohirants and coherent and unconscious of ourselves. Because of these two concepts we start to believe that we have disconnected to everything. So the outside can control us.

So what I have to do first is to control the outside before the outside can control us. So here comes this war from the individual to dominate the rest in the outside. So the individual starts to look for tools in the environment to to take all this all this data to take all this. To take all this tools around in order to come queer to.

Put ourselves over the others to invade territories to earn to to make slaves to to make a war. Okay , because we start to fight against the environment before the environment can control us. Yes , that 's the way of the consciousness and the. In coherence that 's how it managed because it is disconnected.

So it thinks that manipulating the environment will help me to survive. So the environment can not manipulate me. Here the point is that the people that is in coherence and unconscious. What they have is this perception that they are disconnected to everything.

So they had to manipulate the outside before the outside can manipulate them. This is the origin of the human concept that everything that is outside is a tool for me to be used. Okay , that 's the origin of this idea. In order to understand how the universe work , we should not see it from our own point of view precisely because the people.

From the consciousness start to project the idea that that they saw in the nature and they said everyone is fighting animals are fighting. Plants are fighting we are fighting so the universe maybe words exactly the same. But we are in the middle between the microcosmos and the microcosmos. The microcosmos and the microcosmos.

They work kind of the same and both of them work by polarity and magnetism. And we in the middle we are trying to find the balance of that by duality and survival. This is the concept that we have to understand to get the idea of how the universe works and how we perceive it. So what the unconscious way of seeing humanity from humanity.

The whole universe. Is that we start to project the concept the idea that if we hear are disconnected and there is an outside and inside. In the universe must be the same. There must be someone up there and then the outside.

If I myself can handle and manipulate the reality to create stuff. And I can control those stuff to my own purpose. So for sure , in the universe must be something a god that does exactly the same. The god creates us everything outside and manipulate everything from outside for its own benefit.

You understand the line how it comes this idea. From this idea is how the collective unconscious in coherent humanity. Create the idea of a god that has a plan for checking ourselves and using us as tools. So instruments of its own plan.

So we are the manipulates that created god in our own image. A great manipulation. But the universe creates in a very different way from our point of view. The universe does n't create a someone a god with a plan controlling.

The universe creates from the opposite side which is the networks. The matrix. The networks is an interaction of different aspects like vibration that creates a particle. Particles that rebound and get together creating atoms and molecules and molecules.

Chemical elements and the chemical elements create bigger structures that create organisms which are the instruments of nature. Living organisms. So what is an organic instrument of the universe is an organic network that interact all the time. Changing.

Evolving. The universe is basically creating itself as an instrument. Because the universe works by polarity. Remember that polarity comes from the Greek word , came is a pole.

A pole is not to different things. Polarity is only one thing with two sides. We believe think that these two are against each other. But these two are the same thing connected.

It 's only one thing. So we create duality thinking this concept as one being against the other. But this does n't exist. For the universe is only one thing that we call polarity.

Expressing itself in different options. In this concept , the universe is not creating from him from it something outside. In this concept , the universe is expanding itself outside and contracting itself within. The microcosmos.

So just to understand this example. So I myself has this tool , this instrument which is a phone. This is a phone. So I have my phone which is my tool.

And I use this tool. And I have a plan for this tool. The plan for this tool. For this phone , I have this plan for my phone.

I do n't know , maybe 20 GS , 50 GS , 90 GS , 100 GS. I do n't know how many GS you can put in the phone. Many of them. So depending on the GS of the plan that I have , it will have better connection.

Something like that. So that perception is the same thing that we say , God created this tool that is a human. And it has a plan for me. And depending on the GS that I put in my human , I will have better connection or not.

I guess that with this , we can understand very easily when we say , God has a plan for me. Now let 's go to the concept of the universe. So understand how the universe sees this. For the universe , from the point of view of the universe , this phone is made up with atoms.

It has carbon , it has iron , it has gold , it has silica , it has many atoms and structures , molecular elements that I also have in my body. From different compositions , maybe , in different amounts of them , but I have that too. So I made a carbon , the phone is made of carbon. I have some iron inside , it has some iron inside.

Some copper , some silica , yes , I have it too inside. It has energy , I have energy. So from the point of view of the universe , this is not a tool outside that I use according to a plan. From the point of view of the universe , I am , and the phone is an extension of me.

It 's just another projection of myself. So I am not using a phone , I am using myself. So if I am using myself , this means that I will use my own tools to post an Instagram , to make a video in YouTube. But it will not be an external tool , it will be myself , showing myself , it will be myself.

So as you want to call it , God or universe , it creates itself as its own universe. As its own , as its own instrument to expand itself. So once I become conscious and coherent or here in it , I realize that everything that is outside is not used by me. Everything that is outside is just another extension of myself that I use to expand myself.

In the same way as the universe , I expanded itself in me. So it 's using me to expand even more. This is the goal of the universe. For us to understand that everything that is outside is used by me because it 's myself.

That the universe expanded itself through us. We are the same universe using itself. So I have to learn how to use my body , how to use my soul , how to use my spirit , the tools of my body , the tools of my soul , the tools of my spirit , the instruments that I am , that I myself created in order to expand myself. And that 's the goal of Capricorn.

For us to understand that we are the instrument of our own self and we need to learn how to use them. If I know how to create the tool that I am , how to use the instrument that I am , I will become my own creator. This is why this whole month we have been trying to learn the origin of this of this body of this instrument. Because we have been learning about our history , how we have begun as humans , the history of our bodies , the history of our souls to understand what is our tool.

The tools that we have been learning in this month , they are to understand that when we manage to understand to use our own tools , we can manage our own reality , our own creation. And how can I understand what is my instrument , how can I use my instrument , we can have to picture how you see the universe. Because I do n't know if you have perceived that sometimes people say , no , the universe is this or that , for example , I see the universe as mine because I used to think and make much more philosophy of this. So I see the universe as the mind.

But here comes this other people that say , no , the universe is love. And I say , other people that comes and say , no , the universe is music and other ones say the universe is chemicals , the universe is numbers. So the universe basically is all of it. It 's not one or the other.

The universe is all of it. Through the tools , the instruments that we are , is able to see one of all of its aspects. So the way you see the universe is the instrument you have in order to develop the universe. So it 's not about for all of us to see the universe in the same way.

It 's about what is your way , what is your instrument , and the way you see the universe and you will find that instrument. Okay. So we close this month of Capricorn remembering that me myself , I am an instrument and organ , and I use it. Let 's go to the information for today and the element.

That 's the vibration for today. The statement for today is I am the eternal essence. What is amazing to understand a bold soul for is that usually we think is related to the underworld of the hell. Because it 's in volcanoes and so on.

So it 's the fire and the underground and so on. But life was born close to volcano inside the ocean. So the sulfur was this chemical element that was basic to create life. And we still needed for that.

If there is any question here , so sorry , but basically we are made out of hell and the devil. Yes , kind of like the basis of the NA. We see it comfortable close our eyes. We concentrate in your breathing.

We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We are We We are We We are We are We are If The masses , the justice system , as to tour in the humanitarian of the end of the pain. Loans. My bones are the fondaments of my existence. My cells are the instruments of my creation.

I recognize that all the systems , the laws , the structures , the patterns of my own body , are the basis , the instrument to be used as tools for my own expansion and guidance in the universe. I perceive all of these systems aligned within me in complete coherence , connecting the body , the soul and the spirit. Take it to breath. I perceive all of these process , all the systems in the shape of a torus surrounding me , the signing around my own structure of existence.

Take a deep breath , and with your vibration activate the system that makes you be. I perceive all of these process , all the systems in the shape of a torus surrounding me. I perceive all of these process , all the systems in the shape of a torus surrounding me. I perceive all of these process , all the systems in the shape of a torus surrounding me.

I perceive all of these process , all the systems in the shape of a torus surrounding me. I am the eternal essence. I am the eternal essence. I am the instrument of my own creation.

I perceive all of these process , all the systems in the shape of a torus surrounding me. I perceive all of these process , all the systems in the shape of a torus surrounding me. I perceive all of these process , all the systems in the shape of a torus surrounding me. I am the eternal essence.

I perceive all of these process , all the systems in the shape of a torus surrounding me. I perceive all of these process , all the systems in the shape of a torus surrounding me. I perceive all of these process , all the systems in the shape of a torus surrounding me. I perceive all of these process , all the systems in the shape of a torus surrounding me.

I am the eternal essence. I am the Holy Spirit. I am the Holy Spirit. I start to bring these consciousness throughout all my body , like a reason , stretching , and each one at a time.

I am the Holy Spirit. Thank you , everybody. I am the Holy Spirit. I am bringing this earth to the heavens , starting with Aquarium.

See you tomorrow.