Hello everyone. Good morning. Good afternoon. Good evening.

To all. I 'm Mecca. I 'll be with you tonight. Instead of Matthias.

So. Nice to see you all. Joining us from everywhere. Just waiting a little bit , so more people join us.

Now I 'm here too. Hi everybody. Good morning. Good afternoon.

Good evening. Sit here. For a moment. Just to get into the.

Into the road. So just for you to know , Matthias would be. Will be. Here.

I 'm going to. This. This next week. Because I 'm living to Barcelona.

So she will take my place in the pyramid going to. The pyramid. To anchor my energy and to download information as I am. Not here.

And of course that then she will give me. That information. She will send this information and I will. And then I will do the transmission.

Okay. So. I will be here. Yes.

I 'm not living to. In all the transmissions and. And everything that we do everyday. But I will do it from Barcelona.

While she will take my place physically. So I 'm going to say it will be. The physical anchor. Of.

The. During this week that I 'm not here for this project. So this is for all of you to know. That she will be here.

Do you want to share anything. She she does n't speak much. Well , um , so just to know it will be me physically. But yeah , like Matthias said , he will be with you every evening.

Anyway , so I 'm just representing him. Physically and energetically in the pyramid. Everything. I will do the same as he does.

So I got instructions. Uh , you , you would get more. And I will do a report. So he knows what is going on exactly.

So everything will be fine. Yeah. So see. Thank you.

And of course , I gave her the. She has the I am. The symbol. So she still has the same.

Um. The same energy that I 've been working with. Uh , I guess that. Today I feel much better starting to.

To sail again. Uh , so the topic that. Together with us today here is. The.

Constellation of Argon is. And Argon is is the is a constellation that. Um , does n't exist anymore as a constellation. It was used to call it this.

So we will. Um , see a little bit of this constellation. Uh , and also the story of this constellation. Which is.

Um , related to the Argonauts. And I do n't know if you. If you know the story or you have heard about the story of the Argonauts. But let 's go into that.

Regarding the topic of the Argonauts and this trip on the sale. I just want to clarify this. So everyone can have all the people. Um , I just wanted to.

Point. So you could explain to all the people that were questioning in the comments that. To clarify , Malaya will be in the pyramid. Doing my.

Energetic will work. But I will be. In. Uh , but I will be doing the the the the posts and.

And this transmissions. Daily at the same time as always. Okay. And to and.

And there is some why I 'm living is because many years ago I promised to a friend that whenever she was about to give birth , I would be there. So that 's why I said I have to go. So. Um , I think this is the best way to to work that going out of the box of Aquarium.

So that 's it. Because there were many misunderstanding. This is. You have been.

Speak about this days. Yes , it 's something that we were speaking about , which is to get out of the box. To think out of the box. This is also related to where we are going to talk about.

Today. To understand the the concept for today. We have to get back to the story of the heroes. Because the the explanation of the heroes is something that is really boring in.

In Greece again , as always. Um. So. Uh , is the concept of someone is a hero that makes this story that is amazing.

Uh , but the heroes were not exactly born in Greece as a concept. They were born in other conversations like Egypt , like in in Middle East with Automata with with with Hours and all this concepts , but they were gods. These people were gods and they were beautiful examples. Hmm.

Beautiful examples of the divine. So they were perfect. They would do all perfect in in the in the cosmos and they were considered gods. But the Greek people brought a new idea of this stories , which was that these heroes are not gods or divine in the sky.

But they are normal people that some of them came from the gods. But they leave normal lives and suddenly they just want to go to reach something and they start this adventure. And in this adventure , they have so many problems , but they also have the normal problems of any human. Like partner partners , problems.

Um , I do n't know the words in English for this. You know , and when someone cheats another one , sexual , the basic needs , maybe they leave this incredible stories and then they end up the lives like in shit in the middle of the crap. So this stories of the of the heroes are the stories of normal people that leave. Really amazing things like really wow things , you know.

So this was like kind of an example for the people in Greece that anyone could leave this kind of stories. And that anyone could just experience this kind of of things. And also what they were trying to say is that even the gods or semi gods or any people can also leave like a human and has the same problems. Okay , so that creates the idea of the hero history that for sure it 's a school you have you have heard about it because it 's something that we used used to study in literature.

When we started the path of the hero and how is this person that comes out from one village and then makes this trip around. Their world or country or whatever and they do these things and they face many problems and monsters and stuff and they dissolve it , they get their purpose and they went back home , they arrived back home has heroes. But this hero also ends up like living a horrible life and things like that that 's what we usually have heard as a Greek tragedy for sure you have heard that that term because the Greek people wanted for the divine people to leave their own problems. Let 's go into this concept of why the Greek people were like a tragedy because the European way of thinking was to describe everything as it works in the life.

So if you see the history of Europe , then usually started to describe life at it was since you were born until you were about to die. So the Greek people , the Latin people used to describe life as it works and in the Middle Ages the romantic remember we have spoken about this. The romantic , what they did was trying to describe the life of Rome not to make romance like two people in love and they had a beautiful life and they leave happily ever after. That was not romanticism , romanticism comes from the concept of the romance that is the tradition of people that were living in Rome in the empire of Rome.

So they were describing the life in Rome like the fields , the people working , people weaving , the farmers and how beautiful it was to leave the normal life. So they were describing basically the life of Rome that 's why they were the romantic. So in Europe basically the tradition was to explain the things as they were trying to follow the beauty of life until the death. That 's why all the stories that we have been told from Europe they usually had a very bad ending.

Why? Because the end of everything is death. So you have to describe death to end the story. You can not end the story in the end they were happy because then problems come and then you die.

So what they were doing was to describe exactly what was happening in life describing how it was , how the sensations were and so on. So from the Greeks , the Romans , the Romantic in the Middle Ages and then comes again the Renaissance which is to rebirth and bring back the same stories of Greece and Rome. So they bring back all that information. And that 's why the stories that we have heard from Europe , they are like tragedies because they say everything that happened until all this name was born.

We have this conflict in Europe which is not alive basically and suddenly when this moment of the Renaissance begins discovering of the Americas discovering of the Americas. So they go to America and America started to symbolize like the freedom for all those who were very different in Europe. So the people that were like the Puritans for example that they were the Harbours that all these people that were living like a dream of heaven and they wanted to start again and they were persecuted by the Anglicans in Europe. They were persecuted by other people because they were thinking that we have to leave the realms of God and so on.

So everything has to be pure. They all went to the Americas. Nobody wanted to live in America. So everyone from Europe that was not accepted in Europe , they went to live in the Americas.

But that 's why this kind of groups that were the Puritans for example , they started to create this consciousness in the Americas that we have to make and you beginning that we have to leave the dreams of the divine and we have to be pure. So after many years this started to create a tradition in the Americas that we have to be pure and then we have to leave that dream of the divine. So it creates the culture of living the American dream. The American dream is something that everyone that was suffering in Europe could find in the Americas.

So everything is possible. No suffering in this territory. Everything can be perfect. So this was taken as a culture of this new time and they brought this concept from Europe.

All the large stories from the European tales like the Green Brothers and so on. And they started to cut the bad endings and to create this good endings. So we could all live in that beautiful dream and they lived happily ever after. So that 's the kind of concept that they had of life and that 's kind of the basis of the American dream.

That 's why even today in the States is difficult to see a book or new people in television. It 's like so weird. It 's freedom but not much. So what they did basically was to take all the concepts of the hero from Europe , all the stories of the hero and they made those heroes into this beautiful stories that never ended in a bad way.

That always the good winds over the bad ones. And nobody is suffering at the end and that 's it. So good ending. Everything.

So when they became like the when the States became like the system that localized their philosophy in the whole world , this is kind of the idea of the world that we started to dream. Okay. So what happened later about this? Sadly , in the States , this Purity concepts of bringing something new comes up in California.

And these people that start to think about this beautiful dream , American dream of living altogether in peace as wine and so on. They created the movement of the hippie , okay , the hippie in California. So in San Francisco , it started this movement of peace and love because California is the one that spreads all this information. So the world has been receiving information from the hippie since this time in the Americas.

And what happened that they created the concept of the new age and the concept of the new age is something that tells that we are all going to live in an age topic age of beauty of love all together , living together and like a dream. So we all going to live happily ever after. Have you heard this? And that 's why spirituality turns out to be much more like a hippie thing and they started to create this new that the new age idea that went all around the planet.

And now it 's something that when we speak about spirituality , we usually speak about that movement of the new age. And suddenly people say that we are the new age and that I am working for the new age and no , sorry , I 'm not. So this was a movement based on the utopia of the hippie time in the States. Basically , this is not bad , but it 's an illusion.

So the question here would be how to make the difference in between a real illusion or a false illusion. And why is that? Because everything is an illusion. This is an illusion.

The physical thing is an illusion. Myself is an illusion. What I 'm explaining is an illusion. What you hear is an illusion.

What other beliefs is an illusion. Everything is an illusion. So the question is whether I decide to leave that illusion projected outside or whether I decide to follow the illusion that I project from within. What I 'm saying with this thing of the illusions is not that we should not believe or that I am judging what happened with the with the hippie or the new age or whoever I 'm not judging that I 'm trying to be because actually was really good.

What I 'm just trying to say is that we have to know that everything is an illusion that what I have here. What I have here now is an illusion of what happened before. So what it 's going to happen after is an illusion that I have now. So everything basically is kind of an illusion.

So if we understand where this process comes from , we can understand how to set free the others the next ones from my own illusion. Even if I am not against that illusion , even if I want to leave that illusion. But acknowledging that everything has a consequence. So I can set the others free from my own illusion.

So basically this line , this story is that 's why it 's important to see that what we are living now like , Oh , this is my reality. We have come here to change the world and whatever is just a projection of the previous illusion. Okay , that 's what I 'm trying to say. So we get detached from the illusions and we can help the others to death from our illusions.

So all this is to let us understand that in Europe. We had this tradition for so long regarding the heroes that there were normal people that they were living through a story that never ended in the good part that they had to finish the story to go back home to make the process to understand what they did and then died. So the people was trying to understand why they had to leave all that they were facing their own shit constantly. And then in the Americas came this idea of the dream.

So the hero becomes the one that saves everything and becomes like the one that lives better on the top. This is the best moment of my life and that 's it. That 's the end. So that 's why today we are still living in this concept of the prudenism of of of the states that We are here waiting for a hero that makes that saves us and that helps us to transcend and that we are going to be safe and we will leave happy labor after.

But this this idea is born in this concept of the North America. And this is also similar to what happened in the Middle East and Africa when the gods were the heroes. When the gods were the savior. So they were living the stories and then because of them we get saved.

So this is kind of what we are living today. This dream that they were also living in the Middle East. And this story is the one that take us away from the idea that we have to go through a process in order to end that we need to find the access in the story. Otherwise everything fell apart.

So according to the European vision , we are the ones that are the real heroes , the normal people , the people that recognize themselves as the hero of their own story. That we are the ones living all these conflicts that we have to solve. That we are the ones that we need to transcend our own history. We are the savior of ourselves.

We have to sail ourselves. And this is the story of the Argonauts , which means the Argonauts , which means the Argonauts , the constellation. Of the boat that sails fast. That 's the meaning.

So this is the story of the Argonauts. And the Argonauts , well the story I wrote it in the post , so I 'm invited to read it. But basically , this people that went to look for something in another country. And the guy that put all the crew together , he wanted to get that in order to get the throne.

And basically , he was just using everybody to accomplish its own mission. It 's some will , basically. So he raped women , he left France in a way. He used the daughter of a king for his own benefits , betraying everyone and doing so many bad things.

And then when he came back , like saying , I am the hero , everything was wrong. And then he ended up his life alone and sad and died like this. So , and he was the hero of this story. That 's a great tragedy.

Of course , he leads so many things and suddenly that 's the end. Why? Because in these traditions , they are saying , you are the responsible of your own decisions. Even if you are the hero , the hero can end really bad if he or she does n't take , it 's not aware of its own decisions.

So , the responsible and the coherence of your decisions is the most important thing. It does n't matter if you accomplish every one of your goals. What matters is how and from where you do it. So , now for example , we can say the concept of the hero.

When the hero does everything in order to be recognized is not the hero , really. That is the wrong way of being a hero , basically. Because to be a hero is to do the path , the path that you have to take to make the whole process. But we have this concept that the hero is someone that will do something good for others , like in service.

Oh , he 's a hero because he 's saving people in other countries or whatever. And that 's not a hero because the story of the hero is not that. The story of the hero is the growth , the inner growth that you do in order to accomplish every step. If you are doing this just to save others because you want to be in service for others , this is just for the ego , which is so weird.

But actually it 's for the ego in order to be recognized. It 's not just to do it. So this is , I mean , some standing that we have of the hero , the hero is not someone that accomplish things to serve the others. The hero is the one that dares to make the path to take its own way to discover.

The ways and share it or do something with that. So the hero is not the one that accomplished stuff. The hero is the one that found and metres by his own or her own. To accomplish stuff.

And in order to become that hero , you have to face the monsters. That 's the Greek tragedy. You have to face the monsters that you have within. In order to.

Find what you 're looking for behind. You have to leave your own tragedy. Face your own tragedy. So just the other day , I was.

I 've read a message in the video. I do n't know where exactly and who did it. But there was a comment that I was. I was meditation on it because the comment was like , I do n't know what I share something.

Really? Probably about all this is a tragedy or whatever. It was a joke , for sure. But this person said , This is not the tragedy , Matthias.

This is a tragedy is is someone that is living hunger or in the middle of the war. That 's your thing is nothing , you know. And I was meditation on that because I said , Yes , that 's true. I can not say that that 's a tragedy because I live very well.

I can not complain about anything because I really live very well and I decided to leave very well , so I It 's my choice and But suddenly I just thought But it does n't mean that I can not complain on my own tragedy because my own tragedy is different from other tragedies So if we start to compare the tragedies We will never evolve because the tragedy Even if it is very subtle and the other ones is very heavy We can not relate to our own path of the hero if we do n't recognize our own tragedy for example me being depressed Can be really useful for some people to understand how to get out of the depression and Of course that I do n't need to live in hunger To know that that also is a tragedy But we have different kind of tragedies and that 's the thing that helps us to evolve So the only way you can live your own path of the hero is if you accept your tragedy as the key for your own evolution Not being afraid of your own tragedy And now let 's see how this was this started So remember that For the ancient ones they were not used to go to the sea because they were afraid of the sea because Because nobody knew what was behind the sea So it was like an open space that nobody no one knew how to control Until someone said I will make a boat and I will jump into the sea and I will cross it So when that person did it Discover new things and broaden things to The village and he became or she became a hero because now That person brought many new things for their own people mostly experience So remember that this creates the concept of the self government Because when you sail you are free this means that you are able to go with the gods Remember that to The govern the word govern in Greek means to sail to sail on a boat So this means to be able to govern yourself is that you are able to sail Into the ocean That you are able to guide yourself This is why the concept of the hero is born from the idea of someone that Goes out from a port going to a different land through the sea So in order to understand the The psychological concept of the boat We have to understand the parts of the boat So Other going now is it was such a huge constellation that they had to Divide the constellation different others So that 's why you for sure do n't hear about this constellation but Sometimes maybe you have heard about the constellations of the parts of the boat which is copies Caring Fixes and Bella I do n't know the parts of the boat in English so I will trust Make the drawing and do n't say stones Kind of a boat Okay This year is Caring This is the the spine of the boat The axis of the boat This is the The fail This part here This is copies So here we have the compass That is called fixes So remember that this is the south-earned constellation So you do n't see really Really well the Disconciliation from the north So to understand this psychological concept The ship is oneself And the oneself Sail in the waves of emotion And it is pushed by the winds of the mind So the wind is the word What I say manifest the strength , the tension , intention Towards I am moving to The waves represent The stability of my emotions So if the Caring The axis of the boat It 's not well Created it is not Aligned It can break the boat You can sink the boat So the copies the back part of this where you have the wheel I do n't know how you call it for the boats So in this region here of the boat we have the part that The turns dead direction Of the boat So it 's on the back So it 's my past my past is the one that determines the direction I take So the captain of the boat It 's my ego And the compass is my heart This algae means that If I learn how to sail my emotions Take benefit of my words on my mind So so I know how to use the veil to move To take benefit of this ideas If I follow the strength of my past And recognize that the captain is the ego And the compass is my heart I can follow my heart to reach the destiny And that 's the hero Nobody that comes from outside Nobody arrived really far without the wind Without currents Nobody arrived really far Throwing the captain on the board Okay So do n't be afraid of leaving your own Greek tragedy And become yourself a hero And a heroine It 's gone to the information for today The vibration for today is blue The statement for today is I am the word that guides The code for today Cold air On the tree because yesterday was hot air In its opposition the cold air is found The second aspect of air strength That by mediating The atmosphere gains weight by cooling For it arrives to its limits And the sense shooting towards the ground The same Atartful In the emotional plane of the soul Where transit 's their realities surrounding them And becoming them to feel them Everybody is ready for the lineman Today the word is iron The word that guides And the topic today is the hero The one that guides himself or herself So as you have heard The lineman today is For the hero and The word of The word that guides So I can not guide you We have been Proving the states Testing ourselves the states With broken structures to not know what to do But now you have the experience of today 's That you know what to do So today we will do it very very Straight to the point to ourselves we will guide ourselves so Very aware So what I invite you to do is to take The music Listen to the music And to do that trip by yourself Remember the water The wind The boat The captain And decide your own path Towards the other side Okay , I can not guide this It 's your own hero So Have a nice trip Thank you everybody For being there as always It 's useful for Same time