So the emotional week of areas is beginning with all the power. I could n't solve the problem with the camera , so I just added the other camera around. It 's rugged there , so I do n't know. Let 's see.

How it works. So this is how we begin the area 's emotional week with me willing to throw all this technology through the window and in a very areas way. So let 's do an introduction to this week. Now that it began in such a way.

So I have no idea what we are going to talk about in this week. I have no clue of the topics for this next 10 days. Well , next 9 days. So I guess that when we are going to go through according to what my highest self told me today when I was writing the post that what I could get about is that we are going to go through the emotional aspects of the areas energy , which is related to the fight , the anger , to be like mad , you know , these kind of things.

So remember that areas represents the one that initiates things , the begins that push forward the things , but emotionally we used to storage all this kind of low energy. So just as an idea to share with all of you regarding all this week that is coming. Usually in the spiritual world , we used to take these concepts of being hairy and being mad. Things that are not good.

And of course , that usually spiritual people tries to avoid and not to express or say that this is a wrong thing. This is not spiritual to be mad or to be upset or stuff like this. So this is something that we have to face because basically those kinds of emotions are energy and this is all energy. So if we do n't know how to handle that energy , if we do n't know how to move that energy , it will get worse.

So what we do n't want for us to leave is that low energy destroying ourselves. So that 's why we are not going to talk about how to get rid of being anger or to be angry or to be mad. We are not going to try to avoid those things. We are going to try to face those things and to try to use that energy and learn how to move that energy.

And recognizing that it 's not wrong to feel mad or to feel angry or about something. So yesterday , everything that happened of course was according to what it was supposed to. Of course , yesterday the computer stopped and did n't want to work with the camera and it was great. Because it was more about to pay attention not to watch me.

So it was perfect. And there were some messages that I want to talk about as a summary. So first of all , I want to clarify this that I wrote to this in the post about this in the post that. Since I was a kid , I always loved to be a teacher , to teach in a school or things like this.

And my nature is spirituality. So I am naturally spiritual working in different dimensions and being a channel for beings and all this. That for me was the nature that 's my nature , but my will is to be a teacher. So that 's why sometimes it 's so difficult for me like when this thing happens like when I 'm channeling from the people because I feel like is weird.

And it goes sometimes it 's a bit hurt because it does n't want to show that part so much because it it thinks that I am listening credibility in what I 'm really want to work with with this education and social work. But I can not do that until I finish this part. So that 's one of the things that I have to deal with. So that 's why I 'm sometimes in worry because sometimes I feel like when I usually have said that I was born spiritually.

I was born spiritually. I was not looking for spirituality. I was just something natural in me. So sometimes it 's like my own things that.

I 'm showing that I sometimes feel like it 's not the best for me for what I want to do , but even though well this is me and this is how I 'm supposed to be sharing. So regarding this thing of channeling , I think that all of us who has been who has been following this path through all this month , we can now understand that. There is no other beings coming inside the body exactly. If we understand that we are all the same essence divided in many different eggs like one particle with many different options.

So we can understand that when we are channeling , we are not really bringing other beings within , we are actually. Yourself , opening ourselves to receive different options of my own. I do n't know if it is an ability or my nature to let my ego go aside for a moment to just be myself and that helps me to channel my other options , many other options. So that helps me to have many perspectives and not only my own.

So I guess that that 's how we can understand better now what is really a channeling. Just for you to know all the information that I 've been explaining that I 've been given every day is not that I know this. I do n't really know many of these things. It 's just that I allow myself to open to other parts of myself that knows these things.

So I open myself to explain them with my personality but open to other options not only mine. So it 's actually not me all the time explaining these things. Even when I am channeling , when I am writing the post , most of the times I am not thinking , I am just allowing other parts of myself to explain. I want to explain also this dark side that usually comes and he always explains that he comes like the filter like trying to clean the path and to say to those who are doubting if this is a path with darkness or with.

And so they come and they said yes we are here too. So if you do n't want to be here , go away do your path but do n't bother. It 's like cleaning the energy. So kind of like these things instead of willing to for me to have followers they said have less so but it 's better.

So kind of like this. So one of the things that they were doing yesterday was with sounds trying to calibrated the network that we have created yesterday was close rub rub yesterday. Because from the very beginning when we started with the I am until this question of am I it 's like a whole pattern that wrapped up. So that was the first thing that we were doing.

So we were trying to calibrated that because during the calibration they felt that there were interference. So that 's why the darkness came to kind of. The interference. One of the of the beings that appear were people from different cultures that were also celebrating and the ones from the concentration that they kind of.

Always they are like kind of evaluating if our vibration is is not doing like a pendulum. Uh , between positive and negative against each other because what they are trying to send to the planet. Has to be in line imbalance with with us and so if we are not in the correct vibration that energy will be missed something it is. So another thing that they said was that the point that we have to activate in order to receive that new information is the crown.

The crown the crown chara of each person and also the crown chara of the planet which is the north and south fall. And in order to activate that the whole planet has to think about the same topic about the crown and in Latin. So when they said the sub conscience the unconscious and the conscience are thinking right now about the crown about the corona. So everyone has their mind in that topic and it does n't matter if it is from fear or from whatever.

The important thing that the ones that are working for the consciousness are not with fear. That that 's the goal so so we can use the energy of fear in order to use the activation. So the archangels the energy of the archangels were present also because they were reminding what are the energies of the portal the 12 portals of the earth. So the time in which the plasma starts to get inside of this information starts to get inside the planet is between June 10th , 2021 and December 4th , 2021 with one middle point which is 22nd of August this year.

June 10th is the eclipse in the north pole and December 4th is the eclipse in the south pole. And August 22nd is the day of the blue moon where we are supposed to do this connection between the two poles altogether during the whole day. So as closer we get to the date I will share with you how it 's going to be that activation. So just to remind you for the new people , I already spoke about all this information.

I guess that it was November 17th. I do n't know exactly so maybe you can ask the people. The people who remembers this because I explained about this I guess so this is kind of the whole picture okay. Then of course that the details they do n't really are the important things to speak about the specific details okay as I do n't remember them all so.

So yeah. So first. I know that this is really weird and really strange that suddenly I 'm speaking about or usually I speak about philosophical topics and all this educational things and suddenly we start to speak about. So a task a mission that we have to do with alien beings.

I know it 's weird sorry. But I will try to explain or to say something about this. So the thing that I want to clarify is that this task that we are doing is not for aliens and is not for us as humanity is for the entire being that we are through the universe. We are all one.

So what I want to say with this is that this is not an obligated task for this path. This is for those who are sound with this and that feels that they have to do this. If you have doubts or you are afraid of these things do n't do it. Just keep with the philosophical data that we are sharing that we are talking here.

It 's not a must that you have to do this. You first have to take care of your own being and your own energy. Do n't put yourself into any task like this one that we are speaking about. If you are not 100 % sure that you are sound with it.

So take care of your own energy of your own self. And do n't feel pushed to do anything that you do n't feel. I will take notes of this because it 's much more clarifying for me if I take notes. Let 's speak about the topic for today and just want to say one thing about the topic for today and not speak much.

Answer. The topic is answer. So we have been speaking all this week about all the questions. And now in just a few minutes I will try to talk about all the answers.

And of course as always for that let 's go to the entomology. Let 's go to the entomology of answer. Answer comes from two words. The first one is an ante which in Latin means in front.

And the word swear. So ante is in front and swear means to promise. So in front of a promise that 's a meaning of an answer. So answer meaning to put in front of a promise is basically the reaction of the word.

The reaction of an action. The question is like this action that starts something. And then we have the response of something. Response is like in Spanish.

It 's a question. So response to an action. So when we act is like the cause. What is the cause of something?

So we have the effect. And the effect is something that gives us the next step , the next movement. So an answer is something that keeps us doing action. Responding with new actions.

So an answer is basically a response to a question. But now from a different point of view from a different perspective. So I will give a very silly example about this. For example , when you ask , is it raining?

Someone looks through the window and says yes , it 's raining. So there 's a question and then you have the answer. And that answer moves you to take the umbrella and to dress properly to go out. So it 's a silly example , but it shows how the answer is not the end of a process.

The answer is the beginning of the new one from another level of consciousness. So the reason why I take the answer takes me into another level of consciousness is because , like in this example , when you before you ask , you have no idea about the answer. When you knew the answer , now you have the wisdom , the knowledge of what is really happening. So that gives you a mutual in order to act according to the answer.

So whoever is looking for an answer through the questions and think that the answer is the end of the pursuit of these questions of this truth. So that person really did n't understand the constant and cyclical nature of the universe. An answer is a promise that we will do again a question. So the question is the one that helps us think about the universe in which we live in.

And the answer helps us to be aware about that universe. When we know the answer , that answer , the truth starts to become a part of myself. This is why when we start to do existential questions , the answer is always me. It 's always I am the answer.

So once we said explained that the question is the doubt , the question is the tool that the universe has to evolve to help us understand more , to move forward. And the answer of that question is the one that describes how it is now , how the things are right now. So it means that it 's just describing one aspect but not how it 's going to be the entire time. The answer is just saying how it is now.

So you are free to start to change and to make a new question to evolve through that answer. So let 's not do or make questions in order to find the right answer. Let 's do questions in order to understand that the answer is the description of how it is now. So we can keep moving and transforming.

So the answer is not the end. The answer is a new beginning. So they would change the vibration for today is not ra is neither ra is ra. The statement for today is I am spiritual wisdom.

The goal for today is of Yunus. The son of the son itself , this mythological being is the great hunter of snakes that with time gave him the ability to turn poison into potion. To create medicine become an a symbol of medicine. Even of recruiting the dead.

This way it is the stars that reminds us about transcendence healing , the ability to regenerate and turn the bat into good. Let 's go to the element. Close our eyes , see the comfortable and we concentrate in our breathing. I become aware of the space that find us healthy and the body that find us healthy.

And if you are in front of me , I have served at the vines park. The light of my soul. I have knighted in front of me. Taking the breath , I bring the stiffness to my crown chara.

I am trying to make the soul of the soul of the crown. I allow myself to activate and you begin to activate the answer within me to start to initiate a new idea of me. I breathe and the send is answered to my third eye. I am trying to decide to embrace and activate the intention of awakening the answer within me to initiate a new thought about myself and your way of thinking.

I ignite the answer within me. I breathe the sending this answer to my third chara. I set the intention to activate and answer within me. That allows me to find a new truth about myself.

I breathe activating this answer for my new truth. I breathe and the send is answered to my heart. I set the intention to activate the answer within me that allows me to manifest an in-way of feeling. I expand in every heartbeat this new answer.

I breathe and ignite it within me. I breathe and send this answer to the blessed. I hear a send intention to activate a new answer that allows me to be a new. I extend this answer to a new way of relating myself with our breath and ignite it.

I breathe and the send is answered to the scrum. I activate the answer that initiates an in-way of creating in my life. I expand this answer and ignite it in me. I am a new creation.

I breathe and the send is answered to my reach chara. I set the intention to activate in me and my reality. I have a new reality. I breathe and the send is answered to my knees.

I set my intention to activate the answer in me that helps me manifest. I have a new reality. I breathe and the send is answered to my feet. I am a new creation.

I expand this answer in me. I have a new reality. I have a new reality. I just have to remember that I am the answer and the wisdom for that answer leads within me.

I am the spiritual wisdom. I am the spiritual wisdom. I take a breath and bring this consciousness all around the body. I am the spiritual wisdom.