Hi everyone. How are you? Hope you 're fine. So , what an issue today issue.

The topic for today is feminine and masculine. This is a very , very heavy concept for today because , because of course , it 's something that moves us all today in this civilization. So , what we are going to try to understand basically the concept of what means feminine and what means masculine. So , the importance that I think that is really important to understand the origin of the words as always , the geology because , because the origin of these words , even if we today in our current times , we talk about , we say some words there differently and we , we express them with new concepts from our point of view of our times , the words that we are using , they are from the past and they had an origin.

So , they have a charge on them , they have a weight on them. So , also a lot of things that we have created as constant in our words , they had an origin. So , that 's why it 's so important to understand them. The first things to understand is that feminine and masculine are two concepts that we usually relate with the energy of a person.

A person is feminine , this person is masculine. But , what really happened is that the origin of these words are not about how they are or how they move or how they feel. They are speaking precisely about female and male. They are talking about the sex , the biological sex , because feminine , from the word feminine , that means female , like the animals , like the separation of the biology effect.

And , in the other hand , masculine comes from the word masculine , that means precisely the genitals of the man. So , this is the first concept that we have to understand , that we usually talk about feminine and masculine if they are in our magical aspects of the soul when they are talking about your genitals. For example , this is not mistakes , but misinterpretation from how we use the feminine. Because , for example , they would say this person is feminine when that person behaves like a woman.

So , through history , through the culture , we started to relate , acting like a woman to have feminine energy. So , now we call feminine energy that aspect. But , what really they were trying to say is that you are a woman , you look like a woman. So , the other concept to understand is woman and man , two different concepts that we have to understand too.

So , first of all , let 's try to understand the origin of man. Man is a word that comes from the Indo-European language , that means the one that knows. But , man is also a part of another word that is related with the earth , which is human. Human comes from human , human means earth.

So , that 's where the word human , humans , human came from. Okay? So , the people from earth , so the people from earth is human. So , the one that comes from the planet , from this earth.

As we call the people from Mars , Martins , we call the people from earth humans , which is basically in Latin. And from the word human comes minus. Man minus means man comes from the Latin. Okay?

But , in English , they took only the sentence man. So , as I said , man comes from the Indo-European , that means to think. Okay? So , the people , so the people , things and came from the earth is called human.

Man. Man also is related with vicinity. Okay? Because in English , you do n't have this word that is baron , which is also male for a person.

But , there 's the visible. Do you say that? Yes. Do you say this word?

In English? Yeah , visible. Okay. So , this is the origin word also related to man.

And is in the Indo-European language , and it means strong. Okay? Powerful , strong. So , this is also related , vicinity is related with the concept of man.

If the masculine aspect is the one that we call vicinity , may , yes? So , is the strong one. So , in the opposite , the woman would be precisely the opposite of it. So , in English is very different , but in Latin languages , in Latin languages , woman , you may say , mujer.

And it comes from molyertis , that means soft. Something that is weak. So , if the man are strong , the women are weak. So , the word woman in Spanish means exactly that.

It means exactly weak. It 's terrible. But , in English , it 's also a little bit terrible. Because women comes from with man.

With man. With is the origin of the word wife. So , it 's the wife , man. And wife means also the concept of belonging.

So , a woman that belongs to. So , saying woman is like saying the one that belongs to the man. Incredible. So , from the very beginning , you may say , you may see that from the very origin of the words , we are saying that the feminine aspect is the weak.

And the masculine aspect is a strong one. In order to understand why these concepts are so heavy for us today , we should not think about them. Our perception from the 21st century , we have to go to the very origin where everything has started and how it was there. Why they call it like this.

So , what we have to understand is that it 's not the word that determine the reality is the reality that determines the word. Let 's go to the very beginning. Just try to picture his like as what we wear at the beginning , just animals. Okay.

So , think about animals. All the things that an animal needs to do is to survive. So , each sleep produces. That 's the three things they are thinking all the time.

Humans were doing exactly the same. In order to survive , to survive in history , they needed to have a lot of kids. And the woman to have kids , they need nine months. They understood that through eight or nine months , the woman should be protected.

Because it was weak against the enemies in the carnivores that they were around. So , the masculine , the male had to protect the women by working , hunting , and bringing the food home. So , the women could have kids , okay. And cook and so on.

So , that 's how they help themselves to survive. Let 's remember that we are talking about the past. But also , we have to understand this. That usually we think that weakness is something bad.

We have this idea today. So , because of capitalism or whatever , that to be weak is something wrong. But , for example , why does all these bones , the ribs , the stern , the brain , they are so hard. What are they protecting?

They are protecting the heart and the brain. Because they are the most soft parts. So weak. So soft , that the rest needs to protect them.

Because without the soft parts , the weak part , we die. We do n't exist. So , what we had to do is to protect the ones that ensure our survivor. This is why , this is why , in history , in the past , women were like the heart and the brain.

Because women were those allowing the recreation , allowing the kids to grow up. They were the only ones able to cook , to give the meal , to give birth. Okay. So , they were so important that they were considered weak.

So , what happened is basically the next. We started to believe that the women were the weak part and the men were the stronger part. So , after putting the stronger ones on taking care , the weak ones , what the men culturally started to think is , if I have to do the job , if I have to work , if I have to hunt , if I have to protect , if I have to do everything. So , I consider the weakness , something that belongs to me.

So , the men took over the women. Okay. That 's natural. That 's natural that some day.

This was happening in culture , centuries and millennium all the time. So , the thing is that through years and the process of history , what people started to think is that women , were once ensuring the survival of the species. So , they created the whole cultures around this idea that women only have to have kids. Because this is the only way we can survive.

Okay. This is the great task of an empowered environment of the feminine of the women. Okay. So , that 's what the culture be.

But this is all because of context. So , let 's go and think about the past. Try to think as the past. I know it 's very difficult for the people to think about this now with the mind of today.

But let 's go to the past and think like makes the exercise to think like if we were living in the past. It was this idea of women taking care of kids at home. And men going to hunt and protect was not something imposed by the men over the women. It was a convention between both of them to survive.

It was something useful for both of them to ensure the civilization. So , women took their own power. Power women , if not time , was the womb. So , they say , my power is the womb and the womb creator.

So , my power is to create kids. My power is to bring life to humans. My power is to take all the things that the man has harvest and the man has hunt and create alchemy , which is the sacred food. So , the power of the women was to give birth to humans , take care of the growth of humans , and to feed humanity.

And that 's the biggest empowerment that can have. So , that 's why women were saying , this is my power. This is why in the past there were so many materialistic civilizations. Not because women took power over the men , but because they recognized and they said , my womb is my power.

So , I am the human creator. This is how it was. So , there were some moments in history when there was equality between men and women. And when was that?

When there was no need to survive. When there was plenty of humans , there was a lot of humans , there was a big civilization. So , usually the men and women were more quiet , so they were able to study , to read , to learn from each other , to do many things common. So , that created about us.

Basically , if all this is the history of humanity , this tiny moment is the equilibrium that we had. And time was spread all over the line. So , there was no much time of balance. It was naturally chaos , misunderstandings , war conflict.

So , survival. Because there were so tiny little moments of balance in history through all the Millennium , the idea that women must take care of kids and men have to go out to protect was more common. Because it was much more time during this process of conflicts , of survival. It 's been around 80 years and also 50 years , if you may say , that we started to come back to the balance again , that a lot of people in the world now just need to go out to the world.

It does n't need to survive. That we do n't need to survive. We work with the stuff , but there 's no need to survive in a big part of humanity. So , this creates another moment of balance , in between men and women.

There is much more opportunities of work. So , that 's why women does n't have to take care of the kids. They can work on , on , on , on , men can also stay home and take care of the kids. There is no separation.

Okay. So , basically , what , what happened is that , even if we are trying to balance it now again , we have been thousands of years with the conflict of wars and fights trying to survive. So , this is why it 's very difficult to , it 's very difficult to , to see , to see the balance because we have been used to , we have been used to let the men out and hunt or work and the women stay and take care of the kids to ensure the survival. It was because of the context.

So , basically , what happened , that what we call , the male movement and the feminine movement , they are not by themselves a power , but they were a result of the context. Basically , the conflict that we have today is making , because it 's not about women against men and men against women. The conflict is the context , the fact that we are doing against feminine , masculine , men and women is mistaken. Because the real fight , which is not a fight , is a responsibility that we have , is to change the context.

We have to take care of the context. We have to be aware of the context and be responsible of the context. Because in a balanced context , there is no need for anyone to fight for anything. There is no need for anyone to take care of the survival.

There is no need to fight for life. So , everyone is equal. Everyone is equal. So , as we keep fighting against other gender , as we keep fighting against the other sex , this fight will turn out.

Because it 's absurd. Because the only thing that we have to do is to take care of the context. So , the context is a mess around , because we are wasting our time on a stupid fight. One of the other conflicts that we have today is deity.

We used to say diversity is something that empower humanity and it is. Because humans are diverse. And we must acknowledge that the empowerment of each one of ourselves is something that made us be unique. So , we are all diverse by name , of course.

And I do respect every movement because every movement that we are having of diversity is about. Being in your center and to say , this is what I am. But what we are doing now is not saying this is what I am. What we are doing is , I am part of this group.

This is another group. And we are all diverse. They are in different groups. So , they separate , we separate more than we are really accepting the diversity.

The thing is that we have feminine and masculine and now we have like so many different groups in masculine all separated. And we are not one. What we are trying to do with to balance this is to understand that all this diversity is good. It 's perfect.

But we should not separate it like different things. We have to acknowledge this as the different potentialities that we are all , that we all are , which is human. We all are human. It does n't matter what you are.

You are human. And human is the being. Okay , is the being. Has the potentially to be whatever , whatever you can be.

It does n't matter your sexuality , it does n't matter whatever you can become whatever you want. But with power being human , when you realize that you are human. So , the ability to recognize the power of humans to become all they want. Because they are free to be whatever they want.

And there is the real potentially of humans to understand that any human can become , can be whatever they want. The potentially is there. Not to divide ourselves in different groups. When I say the conflict is in the other one , I start to create duality.

I want to speak more because it 's a very tough thing. So we have three levels we can also understand this through the biological , the emotional and the mind. So , biologically , I am determined. I am limited.

I am a man. I am masculine. So , I can not be a flower. I can not be anything else.

I can not be a woman because I am. That 's it. In the emotional level is different. Because I have within within my blood , in my , sorry , my body.

I have the information of women and men. Because I am both in essence. So , by energy , all the movement of my information from inside can make me feel women and men at the same time. Can feel more women or more men.

I could say this by experience. My body is a man. But until I was 22 years old , my soul was a woman. I felt myself as a woman.

I can accept that I was a man. For me , I was a woman. My soul was a woman. So , through time , through the years , I found a balance between my inner woman and my inner man.

And I found kind of a balance that , with which I am very happy today. And there you have the third level , which is the mind. And the mind can have any limits. So , if in the mind you say , I want to be a flower , then you will be able to awake the potential of a flower and to receive the information of a flower.

Maybe you want to be a dog. Maybe you want to be a tree. Maybe you want to be the earth. You will be downloaded information of those things in you.

And the third level , which is the mind , does n't have any limit. It is everything. So , here you can check the thing that is not one thing or the other. It 's depending on which level are you talking to.

And then the masculine is not opposite things. They are not different things. They are two different energies from one same body. So , what you have within , you have both of them.

So , sometimes you activate the potential of one of them. Sometimes you activate the potential of the other one. And you have both. So , what you have to do is to just accept what you are and express that.

The whole and the spirit does n't have sex because sex is the origin of the word sex is sexual , sorry , it 's a reproductive organs. So , only the body has reproductive organs , not the soul , the spirit. This means that when we , in a sexual homosexual or any blah , blah , blah sexual , what we are just trying to do is to hit that person. It 's not a person.

It 's someone defined by their genitals. You are defining people , genitals. That 's what you are doing. So , this is why , besides all this , there is only one truth that we are all from Earth.

So , that 's why we are all human. Basically , the most important thing to understand about this is that we should not fight against the other gender. Because to lose ourselves in the fight of gender makes it outside the focus that the problem is the context. In a very balanced context , there is no need for this fight.

There is no need for differences. The only thing I want to say about this is that I know there is very conflicting thing for many women and all the people that were in this fight of taking back the power , like homosexuality , that are fighting this kind of fight to take the power back. What I want to say is that nobody has taken the power. That the power can be only lost , but not taken.

Each individual has its own power. So , by fighting others , you are not going to take the power back. Because nobody has that power. Only you , within.

So , the power back to center yourself and to be strong by yourself. That can take that power back. Remember that the fight against men and women is not something that will take us to a good place. Because it 's just hysterismatics.

What we have to do now is to think about the context we are building for the future. Because if we keep fighting each other , that 's a lost war , both fights. And also , for those who are fighting for diversity , remember that diversity is something natural in humans. So , we should not fight for , we just have to be diverse and not create groups to fight about it.

So , remember that at the end of all things , we are human. So , all that touches a lot of people from there , because there is a lot of people that follows this path that they are right now in this fight. And to talk about this , it 's like taking the strength for this fight. But it 's not that.

We are here working for the consciousness. So , in order to be aware of things , we have to understand that we should n't fight. Because fight is the whole way. So , you can work in coherence and consciousness to all this without the need to fight anyone.

So , let 's go to the line. The vibration for today is two. The statement for today is , I am of all emotion. The vote for today is Quartet.

It says , Every living being in its existence has to go through a process of four universal foundations of time. Expression , experimentation , integration , and transcendence. Every being first expressed itself is born and creates. Then , experiments , this means grows , plays , with the created.

When the game ends , integrates , produces , contemplates its creation , and advises what was lived. To end up transcluding , dying , freeing the play , inheriting , inheriting it to the successors of the cycle. All that makes it express itself again on another level , overcome itself. See it comfortable.

So , we start to stretch the body beyond the massage body. And I start to relax the letting all my default down. I focus in my breathing. Side breath , I fill the air inside my body , transforming every organ into wind , making me feel soft and soft.

And light as a feather. I perceive the air around me becoming wind and connecting with the wind within me. I perceive the energy of my soul , starved in the air. I perceive the energy of my soul , starting to move in circles inside my body with different colors.

I see it goes through my skin. It 's been faster as a twitter with a rainbow color. I perceive the sun , the I am , above me. So , I put my hands facing the sky , at the height of the heart , to feel the heat of the sun.

I fill the light coming through my crown , at their eye , throat , heart , plexus , and anchoring in the scrum with a beautiful purpose. I perceive the light , the energy of the scrum , expanding in the trace of light , filling up my hands with a beautiful energy , with a color orange. This energy is the potential of the Creator that I am. It 's the motions of my soul that creates my creations.

In one hand , I find my feminine energy , and in the other one , I find my masculine energy. My feminine energy is the one that allows me to generate realities. And my masculine energy is the one that is healthy to transcend realities. Both of them are inevitable parts of my life.

Within me lies the information that makes every woman and every man. These two energies are the ones creating my south pole and my north pole. And in the middle , I find the axis. What I am , the Earth , human.

So I take both of them to the core so they can find in the middle the balance. I take my hands to my heart. So I take these two energies and made one out of them. My feminine and masculine , the woman and the man that lives in me , both together , creates the one , the human.

So I sing my vibration to unite them. So I sing my vibration to unite them. So I sing my vibration to unite them. So I sing my vibration to unite them.

So I sing my vibration to unite them. So I sing my vibration to unite them. So I sing my vibration to unite them. So I sing my vibration to unite them.

I am the flux of all emotions. I am the flux of all emotions. I begin to bring all this consciousness through my body , my body , my body , my body , my body. I begin to bring all this consciousness through my body.

I begin to bring all this consciousness through my body. And I come back here and now opening my eyes. So integrating one of the most difficult dwellings of our time. So as always , I drink a lot of water , rest a lot , and see you tomorrow at the same time for the root.