Hi everyone , good morning , good evening , good night. I hope you this fine you well. Ready to begin with the day of Is. So I want to tune because I see a lot of people connected every day , like 3,000 people every day connected at this time.

So thank you because you 're helping me , you 're helping us by holding the frequency day by day with everything that we are supposed to do for this year. So thank you. And of course that parties are still on. So a lot of people would enjoy.

I would be like here , closed , just shut down , but everyone celebrating outside. So there was some people asking what is your problem with weddings. My problem with weddings is when weddings are every day and the music of the weddings are until 12 in midnight and I have the party in my room. That 's the problem with weddings that I have.

And of course the historical reason why there are weddings. So someday we 'll maybe we 'll talk about it. I do n't know if you know that if there is maybe something with the astrology happening now. Or maybe in my own.

I do n't know. But this past three days I have been very weird. Not sad or bad. And just being weird.

I 'm feeling like if I am without strength to do anything , like I 'm not willing to do anything. I 'm not used to be like this , but it 's like horrible. It has been all of these three days. So I hope this ends tomorrow.

So let 's go to the issue for today. So today we are going to be working with the mental aspect of me 's. And the issue to discuss today is about matrix and patterns. So these are two important qualities that we are used to discuss in these times.

Because we are used to hear a lot about patterns and matrix. Even if we usually today discuss these two issues by separate. They are very related one each other. And sometimes to see it like that , it can bring us some conflicts , some problems.

So first of all , we are going to talk about patterns by both numbers separate. So first of all , patterns. So we usually hear about clean patterns , get rid of patterns , go through turns , transcend the patterns , all of those. And so it 's very common for us to talk about the bad thing of patterns.

So we have to acknowledge what is a pattern first. So pattern comes from the Latin word a pattern that from the European languages , which is pattern , that means father , well , sorry , that means to protect is the meaning of protection , the one that protects. And from there comes the word of father and dad. And this is because in the origin of our tribes of our families , the male that was taking care of the kids , of the protection of the group , of the family , of the tribe , was called the pattern , the one that was protecting the group.

So that 's how the idea of father of father comes from. So basically pattern comes from the idea of something that helps you to survive , that puts everything together in order to help them to be safe. So the reason why we call today patterns to what we usually call patterns is because throughout the history of the word. All those things that we do that tries to protect us , to make us feel safe , to allow us to survive , to go into keep living , are those things that usually are protection us.

So through our history , what we do is to do stuff in order to protect ourselves and to protect ours , our people , our tribes. When some of those tools are good , so they accomplished their mission of protecting ourselves. So of course we are repeated because if it was , it accomplished its goal , so that means that it 's good. So you constantly repeated once and again , even if you are an individual , if you are a group , you keep on reproducing that.

So that 's what we call a pattern , is something that through time , it 's still protecting you. So when is the moment when I say I need to clean the patterns , I do n't want these patterns , I need to get rid of these patterns. Well , it happens in the moment when I realize that I need to keep going , I need to transform myself , I need to change my life , I need to feel free from everything. And sadly , the pattern starts to keep me constantly protected.

So the pattern was trying to protect me , and now I 'm going to , a non-protection zone , is something very different. So I wo n't be able to be protected. So the pattern is trying to protect me constantly , but I am willing to go into a no-protected area. So this is how a pattern is holding me back and do n't allow me to keep going , move forward.

So of course , the idea of a pattern that is holding me back is the natural thing to think about when we are trying to move forward. The problem with this is that I can not get rid of a pattern because patterns are good or useful for certain situations. Remember that the patterns were created for certain moments that I needed. It 's like trying to get rid of a knowledge that I have.

It 's not possible to get rid of something that you already know , because that knowledge is useful for specific moments. So what we really could do is re-educate the pattern to do it in a different way to prove that you can do differently. For example , we can use many , many examples in different areas , but for example , something that you eat. For example , every Sunday , your family gets together to eat meat , and it 's normal for the family to constantly eat meat.

So how do I change this pattern that we have? So not saying do n't eat meat , of course. What I have to do is to first try myself to change , for example , to eat with them , then we 'll eat meat. But I will eat exactly the same cooked way , but I will eat maybe stan , for example.

I use stan , and I eat that as if it is meat with all of them. So they will start softly to wonder how you taste , and suddenly they will all change into stan until there is only one remaining eating meat. So it 's naturally and step by step is to re-educate. So then you will have any other patterns , like with family , with friends , with partners , with religions , culture , anything.

This was just a simple example. So this is how you start to re-educate step by step a pattern. So in the other hand , we have the matrix , and matrix can not be re-educated , because matrix incorporates everything. Everything is there , all information is there , so it 's impossible to change it.

So we usually think that matrix is something that may just be like parishioners , because matrix is something that incorporates all information on the network through every time and every space. So we could say that matrix is like the information that made us be what we are. So we are kind of controlled by the patterns of the matrix. So this is why we think sometimes that we are like the parishioners of this matrix.

So matrix is not something that exists only in third dimension related with some people on earth or whatever. It 's something that exists dimensions , so it 's like a network of vibration that storage all information that is through the whole cosmos. So basically the matrix is something that we would say is like the subconscious that keeps us being what we are , even if we do n't want to be what we are. So these two concepts that seems opposite are doing exactly the same with us , which is conditioning ourselves to be what we are , because patterns shows us how and where we have to do it , and the matrix is staying as you can not do anything else but that.

The mix of these two concepts would be understood like the matrix is like a tissue made up with many strings. And each one of those strings or paths is the pattern. So a matrix is done by thousands and billions of patterns. So each one of these patterns is creating the idea of matrix.

So basically what happened is that if we acknowledge each one of the patterns that we have and we start to be aware of how to use each one of these patterns. What we are going to be able to is to create my own matrix to handle my matrix. So basically the reason why we allow the matrix to control us is because we do n't know how to use the patterns. When we start to acknowledge how to use the patterns as a tool , we start to realize that we are able to create the matrix that matrix is not anymore a jail for the self is our creation.

So this is the way in which we can start to understand how they both work together. So this is why a civilization aware of its own limitations is a civilization able to know how to transcend them. People that does n't know what are its own limitations , they can not know how can they transcend them. So this is why the patterns are the indicators that shows us how we create our own reality.

So basically we can understand this that patterns are the energy that moves you forward into one action. So it 's what we use to call will patterns push you to will. So we have a different goals and objectives and the network around the matrix is holding all the will and giving the energy to each one of the patterns to accomplish its own will. So it 's eternal energy that we call love.

So we have the pattern which is will and the matrix which is love. So we do n't recognize the love in the matrix matrix starts to become like a cage and this cage is made with all the emotions possible. So we feel like we are trapped in a world of emotions. When we do n't recognize our patterns instead of pushing us forward to accomplish our missions , what the patterns will do is to move ourselves into the generation it wants.

So this is how we are conditioned by our patterns in life. So what we need is the third one , the third option that helps to understand these two what is its own goal. What is the purpose of the pattern , what is the purpose of the matrix. So in the middle we find the third task of this is just wisdom.

Wisdom is the one that gives the meaning and the purpose to both of them. So basically I awaken the wisdom in the moment when through love I activate the will to accomplish a purpose. So wisdom represents the acknowledging of why I have this pattern and the main idea of why I live is matrix. So this is basically what I have to do is instead of trying to get rid of the pattern and trying to escape the matrix what we have to do is to understand why do they exist , why they exist in my life.

So when I am able to answer myself or to make the questions to myself why , what for from where all these kind of questions is when we start to acknowledge and to await the wisdom of the patterns and the matrix. So this is the task that we have throughout our whole life. And the reason why they are so important is because patterns and matrix are the ones creating our history from the past , the present , on the future. So let 's work on this.

What I wanted to say is do n't think that these are separate things. Okay. All this is part of the same system. So I wanted also to say this because for sure you will see many videos and saying the , I do n't know , there 's a matrix controlling us and so on.

And what I want to say is that what I explained here is the basic system and matrix and the matrix that everyone is blaming for holding us trapped and control and so on. It 's like that because we have charged the matrix with the system of control of hierarchy , domination and so on. Because remember the matrix is just absorbing systems and information. So the system of matrix will be exactly as we upload information to that.

So if we keep creating the idea of the matrix is controlling us and from the outside is something that is trying to for us to be slaves. We are just putting that information in the matrix. The matrix is just a system of networks. Absorbing data.

Okay. If we put the same data into that , the matrix will always be the same. So that 's it. So picture that the matrix is like the internet in that internet everyone is just uploading information about fear and control and so on.

And then you go to Google and look for information from trees and suddenly you find a tree 's are controlling the grass trees are controlling and grabbing the rocks and struggling. I do n't know , whatever. So whatever we look there , we will fill it through the filter of fear. So let 's begin to charge new information into the matrix.

Otherwise , it will be the same. So let 's go to the information or today. The vibration we 're going to use today is move. The statement for today is I am destiny of all purposes.

The code of today is the physical pattern T. It says this manifestation is its body. The temple of its soul and spirit sees in every organ in every extremity the sacred chambers in every cell that built it in its blood , the blessed waters of its memory and in its senses the voices of the universe. T is the sound of the manifested of the physical of the turn out horizon and the material body , the final product of creation. So let 's go to the alignment.

So see it comfortable. We begin to massage the body to stretch the body stretch beyond massage. Let 's start to relax the body letting the weight of my shoulders now focus in my breathing. Take a deep breath , feeling the air coming inside your body through the air.

Through the nose towards the lungs , heart , blood , organs and muscles. I feel the air becoming wind within the body receiving how it starts to be empty and light as a feather. And I perceive the wind and air outside being connected to the air wind inside of me. I visualize that I am in a beautiful place on the top of mountain at the edge of it watching me low a beautiful valley and an astounding scene around.

I perceive the air from the valley coming towards my feet. My legs keep barely in chest , hands , arms , shoulders , neck , head , take a deep breath and position your hands to the sky. I perceive the light of the sun coming down across my body through my crown , their eye , throat , heart , legs , scrum , throat and a breath in itself through my knees. I perceive the air coming from each of my hands towards the lungs of my hands.

I feel my hands feeling out with this light that suddenly I start to feel heavy with texture , the concept of matrix and patterns in each hand , one in the right , one in the left. I recognize that the matrix is a structure that holds what I am and the patterns are the tools that the self is using in order to build what I am. I recognize in matrix the eternal love allows me to transform to be , to express and in the patterns. I recognize the will that push me to accomplish my purpose.

Both of them are not here to prohibit myself to create my path. They are here to help me to become my own path. And I can only understand the purpose of both of them through the consciousness that gives me wisdom. By taking my hands to my heart , I set the instant intention to unite the love of my matrix and the will of my patterns in the consciousness of my wisdom.

Through the sounds of vibration , I start to unify the two concepts of patterns , the concepts of matrix as one in my purpose. Taking the breath and recognizing I am destiny to all purposes. I am destiny of all purpose. For I am my own pattern and my own matrix.

Softer , I start to bring this consciousness through each part of my body by tracing , stretching and joining. And I come back here and now opening my eyes. So the task for today to design the matrix and the patterns. So thank you for being there , for being part of this and see you tomorrow for the ankles.

Rest , see you tomorrow.