Hi everyone , how are you? So I am still with headache and extreme tireless. So anyway , everything is going to be fine. So I will try to do my best today , but I am not really sharp , of course , because of the eclipse and so on.

So but anyway , during this whole month you have seen me not being sharp at all , because it was terrible. So these periods me being completely out of my axis. But anyway , Scorpio. So I love Scorpio and Angle , of course , I really like it , but of course , working with Scorpio and Mj.

30 days in a row , in a row. So it 's very , very heavy. So it 's very hard. So of course , many of you also have felt this in your life.

Since I was a kid , I always felt like that with the eclipse. So it 's very moving. Well , as you can. So every eclipse is about to show us the shadows , all the shadows that have.

So it 's to show everything that we hide within inside , into the outside. So this is like , tell me yourself back like a sock , something like that. This feeling when you are connected to the planet , you feel it like if you are in a boat. Like you lose this and you change something change.

During an eclipse , we usually are very exposed to everything energetically. So that 's why it 's recommended to be quiet to rest , to stay calm until it happens. So this eclipse is in Gemini. Sorry.

This eclipse is in Gemini. So it reminds us of what happened six months ago when it was Gemini. So what do we have to see to pay attention to is about all the relationships , all the projects that we started. But that we are not paying attention to and all the shadows of that of those relationships that I am not paying attention to , they will come up to be healed.

So talking about eclipsists , the topic for today is shadows. So this day , one before we host the whole moon , reminds us about the main thing that , the main thing , school is trying to teach us to show us which is all the shadows that we have , all the shadows. All the things that we have under the shadows. So what we are going to talk about today is about everything that we hide and how we hide it.

So the first thing we are going to talk about is how for us in our culture with described shadows. From the point of view of humans , shadows are like the enemy , the opposite of light. And it 's not like that. It 's not that.

So let 's go to understand what is shadows , so we stop popularizing this concept. And the reason why we have a lack of light is because something gets in between the light and other things , which is the matter. The reason why I create a shadow is not because the shadow appears as a force against the light , it appears because there is a hand here. So because of the hand , I have the shadow.

So what is matter , matter is the distortion light of energy-like particles that starts to join one another and to create a structure that is compact. So basically from the origin we have a wave of energy , this wave of energy manifest in a particle , the particle creates a polarity , positive and negative both of them creates an arm. And the atom , joining with other atoms , it creates a molecule and a molecule chemical reactions in composed and so on. To try to understand this , the particles of light , they travel constantly in between the particles of matter.

So if you have two particles here , and then the particle wave of light , it moves in between of the space between the other particles , the light goes on. But there are a lot of these particles that will heat the particles of light with heat , the other particles like the proton or so on. So it will reflect like in a mirror. So when they reflect , they bend itself , change in direction.

And when they bend and start to move in different directions , that 's what we call the bending of time and space. That 's why we perceive the limitations of these realities because of the bending of our reality , our perception. So this had all the photons the light is going through everything. It goes through , eat through the chair through everything.

They go all around , no limits. The thing is that when the particle starts to get together by gravity , they start to create all these structures of matter , the different particles are so close to one other. There 's no much space for all the particles to go through for all the photons the light to go through. So there are many thousands and billions of these tiny particles that just go and jump back.

Okay , heating all the different particles so they can not go through. Thousands and thousands of them. So this is why the matter gets so closed , so talk , that does n't allow all the light to go through. If all this light can not get into the other side when it goes through me.

So there is a lack of light at the side. And that 's what we call shadow. Who produces the shadows on the darkness is matter. Matter is darkness , so matter is the one that has been created by darkness because matter is created by darkness.

When you listen into these people that say that matter is kind of assist and created by the dark side of the universe that is trying to control and to make this feel slaves of the reality. Yes , it 's true. It 's how it works. Of course.

That 's the way it is. Matter is the darkness , the dark side. But we have to remember this. We have said at the beginning what is matter.

Matter is just the product of vibration , of particles of light that is vibrating constantly and fast. So matter is just the distortion of light. So darkness by itself , it does n't exist. The only thing that this light but distorted.

So the consciousness creates the light and light creates the darkness so the darkness can create a matter. And through matter , the consciousness can experience itself. So as you see here , it 's all part of a process. It 's not part of a war.

So when we talk about the world of shadows , we are not specifically about the darkness. The darkness , which is the matter , has created the patterns and the structure that does n't allow the light to come through. So that 's why we create shadows. So the reason why we have this perception of darkness being against light is because the particles of light rebound when they hit the particles of matter.

So basically , it 's basically what the whole things that we can think about the fight against light and darkness. It can all be just putting a summary that is a particle of a photon particle of light that bounce on a proton. That 's it. Say it a little bit of weight to the rest.

And this does n't mean that the rest of the things like demons and all those other creatures and they do n't exist. No , they do exist. But they are all reflections of that only truth. So in the same way as I am a body made up with billions of particles creating atoms.

So in other dimensions , there are also many thousands of other beings created by the same particles. So acknowledging that we are distortion. The hostess is looking for harmony coherence. Balance.

So for sure , most of the people that are here in listening this has some connection with the Christian traditions. And because you of course know the name of Lucifer. And Lucifer is a way in which you may describe this creator of the matter. Because Lucifer has comes from the Latin word , looks.

Lucifer looks mean light and the one that brings. So look for Lucifer means the one that brings the light. So all the stories you may hear about him about this concept is all about this description of how the light is creating the matter. Lucifer is not a being that you may see and with eyes and head.

Lucifer is a system which is the light creating itself and itself. So it is talking about an entity that describes the creator itself. So all the divinity is after this , all the divinity is after this , like all the divinity from water , from air , from fire. They are all related to the means because they are all related to the creation , the manifestation.

Just the parenthesis because I was looking into some comments what about the bad people and the bad things that happened. Bad things are not related with darkness. No relationship , no specific relationship with darkness. There is also a bright light can also hurt your eyes.

So what is a bad person or a bad thing or a bad being? It 's a being that is so distorted from the axis that can hurt or distorted the other ones around. So that 's something that is bad. So as much distorted I become the worst I could be for the rest.

So as much we start to be distorted. We can see the tissues of reality. So it 's impossible to see the correct light. So all we can see is shadows everywhere.

So what this means that someone that is living in matter will live his , it 's all live. Through the comparison between shadows and darkness. So let 's remember this that we are divine beings that has been distorted , that they themselves distorted themselves in order to be able to live the experience of matter. What what we are doing now is to live everything through this shadow.

Through the distortions. This is why even if we know that we are divine , if you are alive , you understand the reality through the shadows that you have created. And this is the most important thing. You live the reality through the shadows that you yourself has created.

So we live our lives creating more more tissues , more connections , so more shadows. As much more light here we live much more colors. This colors will create different realities , objects , and with those thousands of objects we create shadows. This is why we live in the world , interpreted from the point of view of shadows.

So one of the great things that we usually do in the path of consciousness is to believe that in order to find the truth , you have to get rid of shadows , you have to get rid of darkness. You have to escape from this system. So now think about this. If all the reality , all the distortions , were created by light , this means that everything that exists is light , even if it is distorted , is light.

So why are we seeing atoms? It 's just because we are paying much more attention to the lack of light than to the light itself. The thing would be that when we are trying to fight darkness or fight shadows , it 's kind of like trying to fight something that does n't exist , because it 's like how to say it in English , I do n't know the name of it in English. It 's like do n't keep fighting the windmills.

It does n't have any sense. So everything that exists is light that was distorted , so everything is light. So the only thing that I have to do in my life is to understand the patterns of light and not to fight against the shadows , which is nothing. So to understand how to see the light , we have to pay attention to the shadows.

And why? Because we are used to see the shadows. So this would be like for example , you have a problem in your life. You have conflicts in your life.

And you have problems with one or you are afraid of something or whatever , and that 's your shadow. So your pain attention to that shadow. Oh , this is my conflict. But paying attention to that shadow is like for example , putting your hands like you have like this.

And if you have that there , the light there , and I move like this , in my shadow , I will see a dog barking. So either dog , oh , that 's the dog , that 's the problem. That 's the dog wants to bite me. But you only see the dog and you are not seeing the hand.

The hand is the one doing the dog. So by paying attention to the shadow , you may know the projection that it is doing in your life. From where it comes that problem. This means what you are looking at is only the shadow of something that is real.

That is the problem. So this brings us to the myth of Ariana and the Mintaurus Maze. The interpretation of this is like the Maze is life. This is the distortion that we have created.

And this chord of gold that we have that we have that Ariana has. Is the one that she uses to not get lost in this boring case. It is using that so it finds its path back to the entrance to the virgin. The way we can understand this delivery is that in order to find the origin and using this chord of gold which is the light.

It 's to bring clarity to the path you took for every problem. So when you have a problem in your life , a conflict , you have to start asking yourself from where it came from. Is this conflict something that I know? This happened before.

And this also comes from one of my parents , from my mom , and it 's coming from my grandmother. And so you start to wander in history , in past lives , in your therapies , and many other things until you find the origin. And the origin is always a concept. It 's always something conceptual.

It 's not something real. So when I said conceptual is because a concept is to catch to grab a perception. So everything comes from a perception and what it means is that nothing really happened. Nothing really happened.

What creates the patterns in your life is just the perception of something that was lived. Okay , so but what happened is it was not the truth. It 's your perception of things. So this helps you to understand that perceptions are the shadows of life.

So when you understand the perceptions , you get the shadows and you get the origins of the shapes. So this means that shadows does n't exist , but they are a guide to find the light. And in order to do that , we have to follow the goal in the core of our art now in the lab room. To bring clarity in each step that I give until the origin.

So this is why we have to honor our shadows because to the different things. One thing is because darkness has created us. And the other thing is because it 's shadows are guiding us the light. I think that this clarifies everything I want to say.

And the rest is very clarified in the allegory of the cover of the cave. I wrote in the blog. So I choose to read the blog. So you can have that point of view.

The vibration for today is true. The statement for today is , I am the spaces emptiness. My vision is not for so many letters. The code for today is the unconscious transidences.

Likewise the soul , the emotion , neutralize , losing the notion of bounds , of belonging , of belonging , even to the body. Without any emotion related to greatest joys or greatest sadness. For everything is perfect. Feeling simply , feelings simply give a meaning to those facts.

And I allow myself to be and to feel with everyone equally. Without the patience from any external protections. Let 's go to the line. In breathing.

I am going to take my arms to the crown. And I start to massage the entire body until the feet. I become aware of each part of the body that I touch. Telling to my body that everything that I do is for its greatest good.

I am going to read myself , so you need to , That person lives inside the guruегоlte. I 'm planning to build a healing home for E. I am actually making it clear to myself as a whole. Maybe someone have some defining hope with money in front of me. I see a forest around me.

I 'm knowledge in the forest. I start to walk to its center , to the core of it. For a seven how it becomes a rainforest. I pay attention to the singing of the birds and the insects.

I see the great tree of all. I walk into the shadows of this forest. I see in front of me the greatest tree of all. With the huge branches covering the whole sky.

I fell with leaves that only allow tiny little rays of light from the sun. With a appearance of stars in the night sky. I get closer to the touching the trunk. Causing the crust.

I lean down between its roots , while just crying in its branches on leaves. I recognize that within this tree , I see the tree of light. I recognize that within this tree , I see the tree of light. I feel the loss of all the living beings to individual 's that had experiences experiencing deep-friend paths for here.

All the spaces are quite exist. I recognize yourself as one of those living beings. I can recognize yourself as one of those living beings. I ca n't buy it by itself , in a specific space which is here.

I recognize that I find myself under the shadows of this tree of light. I have found the meaning of my existence. I perceive how the shadows of the mod around stars to swallow my body. I become another root of this tree.

I perceive how the mod covers my feet and legs , handsome arms , belly , chest , back , shoulder , head , but my face , which is still outside. Within me , I perceive the seed of creation of my potential , surrounded by all these shadows. I recognize that I am built by darkness living under the shadows of light. And light can be only turned on in this seed within me.

With my singing , I start to activate the potential of my seed. I perceive how the mod around stars to swallow my body. I am the spaces of emptiness. I am spaces of emptiness.

I perceive how the mod around stars to swallow my body. I perceive how the mod around stars to swallow my body. We are architects of light , designing the darkness. We are the patterns and matrix of light and darkness.

We are the creators that have decided to be born. We are the creators of light and the darkness. We are enlightened beings living in the shadows. We are our voices , the ones guiding us through this dreams of creation.

We are the creators of light and darkness. We are the creators of light and darkness. We are the creators of light and darkness. We are the creators of light and darkness.

We are the creators of light and darkness. We are the creators of light and darkness. We are the creators of light and darkness.