I everyone , good morning , good afternoon , good evening. So just to say I was starting today with a alignment and someone put me a hydrogen on it on my head so I decided to keep it and suddenly this just happened. This is a weird situation and this is how it is , how we are. It 's over it , yeah.

We are here all together because this is the last , we have only two days more of friends here. So my morning , my morning touch there is trying to take benefit of the last days before I am alone. So of course that as all these days I am not going to speak for two hours about the same topic as I usually do. I will come back to do this two hours when I start to be alone again and not many things to do.

I will try to make a summary of what I wrote which I think it was straight to the point when I wanted to share today which is the topic related to intelligence. So they related to the throw chara and I was playing why the throw chara intelligence. So the throw chara is a point also called the third year because if you draw a line from the two years and then you connect it to the third chara you would have this kind of triangle like this. So these two here are the ones that received information from the outside and this one here is the one that helps you to listen to your own voice.

So it 's like the third the third year because you can listen to yourself through this. The third year the voice is the one that allows you to connect to the world or hopefully to speak with others , to relate with others. Also , there typically is the one the middle point that connects you with the mind , in the brain and the heart here. So we connect through horizontally and vertically with the throw chara.

So we can tell here that the throw chara is the middle point of connection of a lot of data information that relates us from within to the outside and the others sharing speaking information , listening to our own information within. And up and down connecting the heart and the mind sharing the data of emotion and thoughts. So we could say that the throw chara is the center that that shares all the information in the body. The throw chara is the one that is the one that shares information , the ones that assume information of solving information.

So that 's why we relate this chara with education , with the process of learning , teaching , and everything that has relation with acknowledging something. So related to the education , the throw chara would be this point where you have different points of view that you have to connect to each other. Like for example , you have the point of view from the heart , the point of view from the mind , the point of view from the outside , the point of view from within. So we have so many different point of view that they have to match each other to try to understand the connections to each other.

So you can see the whole the entire idea of it. And I simulate that. Acknowledging that this throw is the middle point in between different points of view of connection , we can understand that the throw , anchoring , the idea of reading different points of view , reading in between different points of view. So when you are trying to understand and understand to positions and you kind of read this positions in between , in Latin you would call that interleggery that means to read in between.

And that word interleggery is the one that in English eventually get the word intelligence. Intelligent. So what would be intelligence? Intelligence would be the concept of reading in between the lines and understand the entire thing without attached to yourself , to the words itself , to the specifics , but to the whole idea.

What we relate to intelligence is something related to a previous idea of the past related to the people that were able to read in between lines. And these people were usually the architects in the past. Why is this? Because for today we think about the architects as the people that just build buildings , but in the past the architects were people that had to understand many other things not only how to build , but also to whom and the sounds and all these kind of things.

So the conceptual , the physical , the architectural , the minerals , the materials , the measurements , the geometry , the numbers , the music , how to build something where people can be inside for honoring and divine but also to make the perfect sound and be strong enough to hold the structure for a long time. So they have to understand so many things that the architects in the past were kind of the intelligent people that were able to connect many different topics in one. So this culture of the architects being the ones that are intelligent because they can do so many things brought the concept through time that intelligence is related to the people that knows how to handle numbers , science , chemicals , that knows how to build to do the numbers and so on. So all the logic , all the things that are logical and structural are the ones that we relate with intelligence.

So remember that in the last thousand years intelligence has been something that conditioned our way of understanding everything and most of it in our education. Even today , education is something that still talks to us from the point of view of comparing intelligence. And this is because the concept of schools were created by the people that were architects in the past. Remember that in the Renaissance in Europe the architects which are the Freemasons , they started to create this new ideas of education that brought the public schools as we have today.

So all the teachings were brought from the Greece idea , the Greek idea of teaching of education , which was all about mine , about philosophy , about trying to understand the world from the logic and not from the spirituality. So that 's why in our societies we started to we started to measure the intelligence of the people saying for example , you have lived that when the teacher said you have to be like this kid because it was much more intelligent or this kind of things. So we usually relate intelligence with the person that is able to assimilate much data , a lot of information and that can hold much information in their heads and solve much more problems even if the problems have no really meaning. So in the 1980 , 1980s , as the colleges from Harvard started to study the psychology of the groups of people in society that established what we call today the multiple intelligence.

There are many more intelligence than just solving a problem with numbers. So he started to understand to how to manage them and to understand that there 's not only one intelligence and all the rest where kind of left aside in education. So then in the post I wrote about the 12 kind of intelligence that we can find. This 12-in-gel intelligence for sure when you read them , you will feel that not only not just one of them is the one that you have but maybe you feel like related to three or four or five of them and this is because it 's not like specifically one intelligence for each person.

We all have this kind of intelligence but some of them are not way awakened and the other ones are awakened. So basically you can relate to many of them not only one. So remember that intelligence is not related to abilities or gifts that you have. No , intelligence is related to the possibility , the ability that you have to connect data to share information and to understand the environment on the concepts that are happening around you.

So remember that , remember that intelligence then is not about knowing stuff. It 's about the ability to connect data information. So it 's not about you acknowledging a lot of things and having a lot of things in you saying I am intelligent. No , the thing is which one of those intelligence is the one that relates much more with me , the one that I can tell , oh yes I am intelligent in this , recognizing which one of them you are intelligent and from there you start to acknowledge that each one of intelligence needs to work together.

It 's not that there 's only one person that can awake all intelligence and do everything by themselves. Someone that is intelligent needs from other intelligence in order to accomplish a purpose. So this is why we need different kinds of point for you , different kinds of intelligence in order for something to work. Otherwise it wo n't work.

And this take us to the concept that we have to acknowledge which is our intelligence and to try to know how can I share it with others for it to be useful in our environment. Remember that it 's important for us to recognize which is our intelligence because most of us sometimes we say I 'm not intelligent and we usually are in love of the people that we think that are intelligent. But what we have to do is to recognize in which intelligence we are the best and not to compare ourselves with others intelligence. So we can know what can we give to others , what can we share with others.

So you have to discover which is your intelligence and stop comparing with the others intelligence. So that 's it. It 's called the alignment. The vibration for today is the statement for today is I am the voice energy.

The code for today is ecstasy and sceptical. Every chara is a polar energy engine that spins constantly in positive and negative , creating energy. The energy is called emotion in our body and it 's this way that every chara has two fundamental emotions. In the case of the superior center , the positive emotion of ecstasy connects us with the biggest and infinite potency of the universe.

As for its negative polarity , it makes us feel tiny in front of such greatness , creating anxiety. They both regulate the upper flux aligned with the science and the cause of the vibrational wavelength of the higher self. I take you deeper out in the coming aware of my entire body. No love.

Say , breathe deep And I 've knowledge the entire body from my feet to my head. I start to see him front of me , I 've reflection , my own body , staring at me. I breathe and watch his trait in two times. I extend my arms in front of me.

Putting them on the knees relaxed in your lap , willing to feel with your hands facing up the hands of your reflection that softly start to come upon your feeling the heat , the energy that connects you with your reflection. I start to touch the hands of my reflection , start to feel the beat on your hands. Feeling it , feeling it 's love , it 's energy. Try to think about what are you giving to this reflection and what are you receiving this reflection.

What is it giving to you and I recognize that I am receiving the gift of my reflection which is the intelligence that allows me to connect from the outside within. I receive this gift. I recognize it. Anonymous sound and received an brakes Price Effect Soon today Yes let it stop wearing your bullseries pick up the collar and strip the neck and this color is different for being born I can recognize now that in my own unique way I am intelligent.

That intelligent is in my voice. I am the energy in the voice. I am the energy in the voice. I am the energy in the voice.

And because I am intelligent I think I think I think. I want to remind reflection just like for. And I said intention to leave this intelligent and service to the world. I take the breath and I start to stretch the body to the arm.

Come back here and now. Thank you everybody for having accompanied me another day. And now from now on. Yes.

See you tomorrow. I 'm always at the same time. Thank you.