Hi everyone. Good morning. Good afternoon. Good evening.

How are you all animals? Well of course today is the day of the roof chara and of course we will be talking about the animal consciousness. Maybe as you can tell I have made some light around arrangements so maybe you can see me a little bit better. And as always I just figured out three days before ending the whole year of connections and I did n't do it well.

I did it in my own way which is whatever. So before you see it by yourselves I will show you what I did was just to cover this light with a paper and I stuck it there in the light and this is a dirty t-shirt that I just wrapped the light with. It 's just the way in which I expect you would last last it was last the next today 's. So as you see no one would hire me to make this biography or theater or movie.

So let 's talk about animals. So when we say the word animal usually. Two thoughts can come to our mind. One of them would be the concept of the animals that we love that we most of the people love animals.

So the beautiful creatures of nature. And in the other hand we have the negative concept of animal which is when people use to use this word to describe someone that is lower that is a bad person or that is unaware of things. Regarding the animal kingdom and the energy of animals we usually take the concept of animals like the unconscious part of nature like if the animals are unconscious. So why am I saying animal consciousness?

We have to first understand what is the animal consciousness to understand why we think that they are unconscious and lower from the human perspective. And also we will try to understand why when we when we speak about consciousness we usually tend to humanity the animals like if the animals should behave like humans in order to be considered. So let 's talk about that when animal consciousness is nothing related to human consciousness. So remember from the topic from yesterday that the first being existing with life in this planet where the feet of lantern this but this island bacteria creates the feet of lantern.

And they exist because they managed to storage energy from the sun creating its own reserve of energy through structures that are organic. So this organic structures of nature had all the energy inside. So this pushed some of the other bacteria to find out that they did n't need to take the energy from the sun so they started to eat those feet of lantern and that 's how by movement emerged a new way of living beings that are called the soul plant. So this so-planted and had created a new branch in the existence of life in this planet because they did n't brought the light of the sun to make the food but they started to they started to use the carbohydrates and the oxygen that the plants were creating living.

It was because of this that this new animals , this new , sorry , this new bacteria creating the soul and this soul plant and made the creation of an entire new branch of existence that we call animals. Animals comes from the Latin , Animal , Animal , that means the one that moves , the one that is animated. So this kingdom , this new kingdom which is the animal kingdom is calling this because they started to become animated , they started to move. And why they moved because all the energy that they got from the oxygen and they got from the carbohydrate , the carbohydrates.

It gives all the electrical pulses needed in order to move to search for this energy. So that 's why because they are moving all the time , they are animated. And because they are animated , that 's why they were called the kingdom of Animals. Animals kingdom is a huge kingdom that is not only including cats and dogs but they include thousands of species that exist along the planet.

And today actually , we kind of catalog like around 950,000 species of animals in the entire planet , but actually science believes that they are around 8 million species of animals. So it 's a huge amount of animals that we do n't know. And the reason why is because we actually know less than 30 % of the planet. Remember that the rainforest and some forests , we do n't know , remember that on the ground we have no clue in the case what else could be down there.

And also we have no clue about the oceans , we just know a little about the deep parts of the ocean. So we actually do n't know more than the 70 % of the entire planet. This is why they expect it to be thousands and millions more. Most of the species of animals that exist in this planet are really tiny.

So most of them we can not see them or we need some microscope in order to see them. But and many others are under the ground and so on. So the animals that we can relate with are just a tiny portion of animals that in which we have a contact with like bigger animals. So animals have this quality of movement and this is the quality that allowed them to spread to expand along and to be so many.

Because as the plants need to be grounded in a place and adapted to a territory or adapted to an environment weather. The animals can move can move along so they can go from one territory to another , adapt to themselves to different environments. And because of this adaptation that they are able to do. They are changing a lot according to the new environments.

This improve the existence of many species , new species all the time , but also it implies many of them. Extinct. This is not something new , this is not something from now. Since the very beginning of the first animals always always there have been species extinct and for each species that is extinct and new one is born.

So the incredible thing about the animals is that they can adapt really fast. And this is because they eat in many different environments. So when they take different foods they adjust the cells to assimilate that new food. So the proteins , the vitamins and all the materials that goes within the cells make changes in the NA in order to improve the ability to absorb these new elements.

And also the weather , the environment , the colors it starts to make changes in the skin , in the internal structure of the being that goes changing a little bit of the body. So because of this movement moving along , they have been we have been adopting to every environment around. And this creates many species , but also why some species disappear. Because sometimes one of those individuals have the best , the best structure , the best strength.

They can show proof to the other ones that they can do much more and to adapt better. So whether it is a male or whether it is female , others males and other females will choose these new subjects that have a perfect preparation. And they will live behind those who are not able to adapt. And this is a natural selection that makes a species stay behind and new species to become.

So this entire process of tiny changes is what we call ex-volverityo. In Latin , ex-volverityo means to move once and again in circles , in spirals like rolling in a territory from one spot to another , coming one from one place to another , but rolling without any sense. And that 's what we call evolution. Evolution is the action of rolling around.

Important thing about to know about evolution. Because there is people that can tell I do n't believe in evolution. And not believing in evolution , it 's weird to say because evolution is a fact. It 's not a matter of belief.

Why is the fact evolution? Because it 's something that you can prove. It 's something that you can check that you can acknowledge that there are many things that can prove to you that evolution exists. Because it 's something that was test is something that we can prove in our own life.

Evolution is there. So it 's not about believing or not. The problem here is that we think that when people say a theory , it might not be. And also because theory is not the same as hypothesis.

Hypothesis is like , I do n't know , but a theory is something that has been worked with. So the important thing to know about the theory of evolution is that it 's not explaining exactly what happened. The truth is explaining a way in which things could have been. And this is a very important thing to understand because we think or we believe that when we say.

Evolution is like whether you believe that was exactly like this or whether you do n't believe because we came from aliens. But the thing is that the theory of evolution tells you a path of how things go. But they can not tell you exactly what happened. So maybe some aliens came and changed our structures and create new species.

But it does n't take away the idea of evolution. So evolution is there. Evolution is there even if we believe that aliens came. Okay , so it 's not against those ideas.

It 's important to understand that some people when they speak about evolution , they just deny all the other possibilities of how things could have been created. And in the spiritual path , there are some people that say , no , I believe that we came from there. So I do n't believe in evolution that we took a path to be what we are today. But the problem is that the people from this evolutionary thinking are missing a part which is that evolution is a way to explain the path.

But it does n't explain all the things that happened. So they must be open to see maybe perhaps many things had happened in the middle. And in the other hand , the spirituality should be also , and should understand that even if we believe that we came from somewhere else or someone have come here , it does n't go against the idea that we have to take a path of evolution in order to develop what we are. Okay , so they are not different things.

They are the same thing. Okay , just that we have to be open. So first thing about the animal kingdom , why they exist , basically because of bacteria , said , why should I do the photosynthesis processing the light , if I have the result right aside of me. Better I eat that plant and I have everything.

So I can have the problem to create vitamins , to create protein and all the things inside my body , so I already have it. So suddenly someone from aside , another , so so planting , said , well , why would I have to eat the plant to produce? The protein , if I already have the other being that have done that process for me , so better I eat this animal and I would be here. So that 's how the food chain is created.

It 's just different molecules trying to save energy in order to not to waste all the energy that they have. That they could lose during the process , so basically they started to grab it from other beings , so they started to eat one another , plants and animals , all of them to improve better. And the energy and to not to waste it. So an animal is moved to save this energy in order to save three main needs.

The three main needs is hunger , sleep and for tireless and pleasure. Hunger is the movement that takes me to find food , to feel full feel , to storage energy. So once I got all the energy , I need to sleep , to be able to gain back all the energy that I lost , finding the food. Third , I find homeostasis by pleasure.

When I start to feel like everything is complete , I feel homeostasis. And in that moment , is when my cells can divide , so that 's why it 's reproduction through pleasure. So the animal world is moved by the consciousness of three main needs. Remember that all the animal kingdom , what it 's trying to do is to find homeostasis , which is the balance that we feel with pleasure.

So everything is fine with this homeostasis. And in order to reach it , we need to save energy by sleeping and to look for this energy by eating. Okay? So both of them brings me homeostasis that allows me to multiply , to reproduce and to make transcendence of myself.

So we humans , we are part of this animal kingdom. We are an italia. And this is why all of us animals , we have this main three needs. To eat , to sleep , and to have pleasure or reproduce.

All of us as humans , we are still feeling this main unconscious needs. Because I do n't know anyone from the planet Earth that can live without eating or drinking without sleeping. And of course , without having pleasure. And pleasure is not only about having sex.

Pleasure is also about reading a book , singing , painting , having a conversation , something that makes me feel stable in my homeostasis. So now , when we think about animals and all this food chain , we usually start to think , why we need to suffer , why do we need to , the animals kill one another in order to eat. And the reason why we do this , we put a morality on that is because we look into nature with our human point of view of morality. But in order to understand why this was created , we should not see it from the point of view of a human , we have to see it from the point of view of a molecule , because the molecules are the ones that created everything.

From the point of view of molecules , we have to remember that molecules are trying to absorb energy to adapt energy , okay? They 're just trying to save as much as energy as they can. When you think in this way , you have to picture the entire nature like groups of molecules trying to find new molecules in order to save energy. So the animal kingdom found a way in which these molecules can find as much energy as they can all around the environment.

So this is why these molecules , they started to create complex organisms that are able to find much more energy. This is why when you see a lion and a zebra , for example , just look the lion as if it is a lot of molecules that they are in a lack of protein. So they need the protein that are in the molecules of the zebra. So millions of molecules have created a lion in order to gain as much as protein as they can.

So just look the lion and the zebra as conjunction of molecules that they eat one another. And the zebra , of course , they eat the grass to take all the minerals and vitamins and all the things that the vegetable kingdom can give to them. So this is a constant chain that is not about an animal eating another one. It 's not a God creating the beauty of animals and then just saying , now each one another.

No. This is not how it was. This is a process of molecules trying to earn as much energy as possible. So of course that when we animals turn out to be human , this point of view starts to change a little bit , but that 's something we are going to talk about tomorrow.

Now let 's talk about the animal consciousness and how it is different from saying human consciousness. Okay? What it is the animal consciousness and how can we apply it? Animal , what animal means?

Animal means movement and it comes from Latin , animal. Animal is the origin of animal which is also a word for soul. Like in Spanish we say , al-Mah , it comes from animal that means animal. Okay?

So it means the soul , the ghost , the animal. It 's basically the soul and what is the soul? It 's the essence , the energy that moves the body and it 's the one that 's storage all the information through the emotion. So the animal consciousness is related straight to the soul.

Sometimes we use to believe we use to think that the soul is something trapped inside the body which is the animal reality. And then we have to set the animal the soul free from this state of animal that we are. But actually that 's completely mistaken because the soul is the animal. The soul is the animal part that we have inside.

And that 's the conscious aspect of the animal kingdom , el al-Mah , the soul. Why the animal consciousness is the soul? The soul is the one that has all the gifts of a human , of a being , has all the gifts. The attributes.

And how can we get the attributes by development? So let 's think about this. The soul is the movement. The movement is the one that takes us to evolution.

And what it is , evolution is the bellowment , which means to unveil the bellowment and build something. And we start to roll around to develop finding through new actions , attitudes , how to awaken new attitudes , which are the attributes. So the gifts that the soul has within is basically attitudes and attitudes that were developed in the path of evolution. From this movement that the animals have done because of the soul that means energy.

So can you see the path that we have taken? So the soul is the result in the shape of attitudes , attitudes and attitudes in the process of development in evolution through the movement of the animal. So what is the result of this consciousness of evolution in the soul? That the consciousness aspect of the animal kingdom uses the unconscious needs of the animal kingdom , which is hunger , tireless and pleasure.

In order to find different options and ways , the animal kingdom is never closed to any possibility to survive. It 's always open to many different options. It 's never closed to anything. It is always expecting to adapt to a new environment.

Why the animal consciousness is related to be open to every possible path? Well , it 's easy because the only reason why we are here and we exist here is just because animals are there to change their to adapt. There is no animal that will attach itself to the path. Any animal in existence will do anything as possible to be able to adapt to the future.

The question is , do we have animal consciousness? Or we just attach ourselves like a vegetable consciousness to one 's thought and we do n't want to move. So all the attributes from the animal consciousness are things that we know which are to play , laugh , sing , invent , dream to seek for. To uncover this cover , to know and to be wise.

So all these attributes are from the animal kingdom , not from the human kingdom , because these attributes were solutions that many animals , many species have found. In order to solve hunger , harness and pleasure , these are attributes that many animals share with us. It 's not only a human thing. Sometimes when we see for example an animal laughing , we usually tend to think that it 's laughing like a human , like a person.

But actually it 's not. Actually , we humans are laughing like an animal. In order to awake our animal consciousness , we have to first recognize where our animal consciousness , which is our hunger. Our harness and our pleasure.

Where are those things that we need to work with? And in the other hand , we have to awaken the potential of the animal consciousness by doing like other animals does. Other animals do , which is to play , to laugh , to sing , to dream. But in order to be connected to the animal consciousness , we have to always be open to any possible path , to any possible change.

And I was doing that today , because I have to make , I have to adapt to many changes today. Many things that have changed suddenly. So I 'm really tired because of that , and I have to take , I had to take all my animals side today in order to adapt. But I will explain everything next week because I am not in the mood to explain anything today.

Besides this , the vibration today is poor. The statement today is , I am the world 's root.