Hi everyone , how are you? So I 'm in another place today because I was , there was a wedding and I think the De was inside my bedroom. So I changed my place for two hours. So I was running to look for a place and one minute ago before I was supposed to go live , everything fell down , everything that I put here so it could be still down.

The computer , everything fell down. So now I kind of put it in a way that maybe it 's not going to fall down now. So today we talk about the niece , our pillars. So remember we are still in the physical aspect and still we have three more days inside the constellation of Virgo.

Before we start I want to make clear three little things. So the first thing is that I am reading everything but I am not being reading your comments and everything , but I am not being able to answer to all of them because it is impossible. And also I am taking questions and things that you may write to put them also as an issue to discuss in the writings and the talking. But they will be general.

I am not speaking to a person to specifically. So they will be general. So they are useful for everyone. So another thing is that I have seen many people saying yes , but I do n't understand it or yes , I agree with this.

But it is also this information or blah blah. So yes , of course , I appreciate those kind of comments , but remember that we have 300 years ahead. The 300 , sorry , 300 days ahead. So a lot of things to be written and things to speak about.

So we are going to discuss the same issues that we discussed before in a different perspective from different constellations. So do n't worry that we will try to take all the data as possible , but we have a lot of time ahead. And another thing I 've been written that some people did a comment about why I was saying words like shit , for example , and they are not bad words. They are in the dictionary.

They had a history. They had a way of explaining things. So this is why maybe I do n't use so many words to explain something if with just one word you can say it. So usually the culture is the one that puts a lot of heavy to those words , because it 's what we believe , not what the word really means.

So for example , I explained here in each of the data data to the people that the most bigger insult that in Atlantis you could make to someone was an empty jar , empty jar that you may say Group meant that that empty jar because the information was in water inside jars. So if you have no water in the jar , that means that you have nothing. So that was the biggest insult for that time. And for example , the insult that we have today as son of a bitch , for example , was not an insult in that time because the prostitution was teaching.

So they were teaching how to handle the Kundalini the sex. So being a son of a horror or a prostitute was not a problem , was not an insult , was something normal. Bien , Anton says so this is why it 's all about perceptions about our own way of understanding the world and not the words by themselves. The other thing that I wanted to say is related to the root chara and is that I would begin like this.

I used to , well , there 's many messages in Instagram and I do n't I do n't read them. I sometimes I check some of them , but I do n't usually see them. Okay. I have a friend that is reading every one of the messages that you sent.

So , and I wo n't tell this because in one side , if someone answers is not me , I want to be sincere. If someone answers is my friend that is using my account to answer. And also , in the other hand , is because we have been receiving , she told me , we have been receiving messages that were more in the need of the root chara than other thing. And there 's no problem with that.

The only thing is that two things , please do n't project on me. Please do n't project things on me that I am not answering , not even energetically. And also , because I do n't read those messages and most of them are very , very private. So , just wanted to let you know in case you write something that you want me to read specifically.

It 's not me. Okay. So , just be careful. So , the reason why I wanted to tell you to say this is because we , is about the projection , because we have been receiving a lot of emails and messages from people saying that we have like a kind of relationship in another dimension.

And that I do n't answer them. And so , they get mad and they get confused. And then they start to say that , then they start to say that I am kind of controlling them by the dreams and that I bring them to the sexual aspect , low setting their G. So , this is not like that. Anything that you have in your mind that you project into the outside is because you created within.

Do n't project in me. So , I wanted to tell this publicly because there is a lot of people that have said that I am controlling people through mind when they sleep and know when you sleep , I also sleep. Sorry , one other thing. So , the other thing that I wanted to say is that we are three days ahead to leave Virgo behind.

So , no more at least. No more analyzing each one of our trauma and things from the past. But we are going to work with Libre. So , it 's the beauty expressed in the outside.

So , I want to tell this before , three days before , just in case you want to prepare yourself to start day by day doing the process with all of us in the creation aspect , the creativity aspect. So , in this month , we are not going to make lists. We are going to express in drawings what we feel from the aspects we are going to work with. So , it does n't matter if you do n't know how to make a drawing.

We are not going to make a piece of art. We are just pressing what we have within in art. So , if you can have the first day in three days , paper , pencils , colors , whatever you feel more comfortable with to start to express. So , that 's it.

So , now we go to Nice. I would try to do my best to be very concrete , but you all know that I am Argentinian. So , today with Nice , we are going to work with the pillars of our reality , which are what we call conscious consciousness to conscious. And the other one is awareness , conscious and clear , that it 's easier if we call them knowledge and wisdom.

So , have those pillars , knowledge and wisdom. Through all the process of life in the digestive system and everything that we have lived that we make call trough , all of that are feeding the two concepts that through the years , we will call the consciousness or sorry , to have knowledge of everything that happened , which is in the process of unconscious. And the other way to be wise , to become wise , which is the concept of being conscious. So , remember , the first steps are getting inside.

So , we begin the path of life , begin the path of life , and we go through all the life in the digestive system until we reach the genitals. And through the genitals and the anus is the place where the thomas are being seen. So , all the thomas , in that point , I have to wonder if they are useful for me or why they have to happen to me. So , from the point of thomas where I make myself the question , why did I have to leave all this?

So , two paths are open , what are the two legs? One leg , one path will be the path of knowledge through the way of unconscious. And the other way will be the path of wisdom that went out. I just looked for another sign , but there 's no light , so you wo n't need properly.

The important thing is that you can hear me. So , one of the paths takes me through the unconscious , which is the knowledge , the other will take me to the conscious , which is the wisdom. Today 's improvisation day. So , what is the path of unconscious?

Have a concept of being unconscious that is not the real thing. So , to be unconscious is not something bad. It 's just a different way in which we perceive the world. We usually may say that if I am conscious , so everyone has to be conscious , to be unconscious is something bad.

So , basically , to be unconscious means that I set my whole energy in the hands of the world around. So , everything that I do will be a reaction of everything that is around me , everything that creates me. So , basically , I am using the energy from around , and the energy from around is using me. We do n't have to judge the unconscious.

The unconscious is just another way in which the consciousness interacts with the environment. So , basically , the unconscious is the aspect of the consciousness that most of its time , into generate energy in the world. And to generate energy constantly , the world will live in. And what does the conscious energy does to guide all the energy that is the other one created towards a purpose?

So , basically , it 's like a machine that is constantly creating energy. And the conscious is the one that will say , for what is that energy useful? The unconscious path , what it does , is to go and to the concepts , trauma , things that happen , ideas , emotions , everything , energies. And it starts to organize that in different issues.

And once it is all organized in different issues , it has the whole thing , but it does n't know exactly what is that for. So , this is the definition of knowledge. Knowledge is the ability to catch information data , but even if you do n't know specifically , what is that for? So , basically , the conscious path is the one that does n't need information , it does n't need many concepts and data , but it has the ability to tell the unconscious what is that information for.

So , this is why , to the unconscious , we may call them the powers , the powers , and the conscious , we may call them the wise ones. The wise one does n't need to know information , the wise one only knows. The wise one , what it does , is to go to the void , so it could be open to every possibility and not to be stuck in just information that you have. So , basically , the wise one is unconditional , and the known , the one that has the knowledge , is conditioned.

So , the question would be , in which path I find myself , because I am in the path of life , going through the digestive system , and sadly , in the genitals , I find myself with all this process of learning to understand myself what I am. And so , when I get questions , sadly , I have two paths to take. So , remember that by nature , we usually take the unconscious way. It 's something natural.

We are not guilty for that , there is no bad thing for that. So , the reason we usually go through the unconscious way is because we all were pushed that path by the external. We all have been said , do n't look backwards , do n't worry about the past , just keep going ahead towards the future. Does n't matter what happened , just look forward and study a lot , get a lot of information as all as you can , because you have to learn many things.

For sure , we all have gone through that path. This is the natural thing , it 's what we culturally , by society we do. So , in the other hand , for example , if we decide to go by the conscious path , will be very different. What we 'll have is that someone asks us , what do you want to become?

Look backwards , look into all your history and find the meaning of everything that you have lived. Try to understand everything that you have done , have gone through. And when you give a meaning to that , decide and tell me what you want to become. So , that 's the path of wisdom.

So , basically , the path of unconscious is the one that tells you , is this way. And the path of conscious is the one that do , which way do you choose? We all have to go to use the two paths , because the only way you can forward is with two legs. We can not jump and go ahead by jumping in just one leg , because we want to be wise.

What we have to do is to use both , because in order to be wise , we have to also be able to hear , to listen , to learn from others , to open ourselves to receive information from the other people. So , you could , you are saying. So , this is how the two paths are useful. I can not jump in just one leg.

And I find this necessary to be said , because sometimes it feels like if we are running , yeah , like we are in a marathon , to achieve conscious , to be conscious , running away from unconscious. So , we are not going to the conscious living the unconscious. We are using both legs in order to move forward. So , this is why we have to live away this absurd battle between the conscious world and conscious world.

The unconscious accumulate data , and the conscious world helps to understand the meaning of that data. So , in order to find balance in our life , we need both pillars. So , these two pillars are created by each one of the circumstances that we have lived in our lives. For example , if we take the path of the unconscious , talking about a trauma , the unconscious way of knowledge will say , I had a trauma , and this trauma can not be healed , because it is in the past.

So , it 's stuck in the system of the past. So , I can do anything. But then this starts to repeat. But the unconscious can not see the connection.

It only sees the trauma , different things , all separated. So , what does the unconscious with knowledge , it starts to look for data in the outside for information to try to solve each one of these trauma by separate. In the conscious way with wisdom , I go to this trauma , and I recognize that each one of the trauma after that are connected , and they all has a meaning as one. So , when I understand the purpose of all of them as one , now I highlight to know how to solve the next one.

So , this is why each trauma , each crisis , each change that we have lived in our lives can be seen through the aspect of the unconscious with knowledge and the conscious with wisdom. So , for example , when I have a conflict with them , the normal thing that we all do is to start the path of the unconscious , going to all kind of worship , all kind of conferences , to read many books , everything to try to understand how to solve this problem that I have within. So , follow me. So , how to recognize if I am still in the path of the consciousness , when even if I have done everything , all the accumulation of the data , and I have all information for me , I still ask the other one , the question , why , why , why.

So , feature this , that this path was not bad , the path of going to look for information was not bad. This path was good because you learn a lot of things. The problem is when we only use one leg to go ahead. And the one day that nobody else in the outside will have an answer for me.

So , in that moment , will be the time when I recognize that everything that I collected in my life , I have to look for it , to give a meaning to it , and to find myself , the meaning , and the answer. And that 's the beginning of the path of wisdom , to be conscious. Once I become wise and conscious , suddenly I recognize that I need more information for a new thing. So , I become unconscious looking for new answers , for new things.

Until I put all that thing together to become conscious and wise in that new aspect , and so on , a new one , a new one. The path of unconscious and conscious are a path , are two paths of learning , of education and evolution. We can not eliminate one of the helix of the NA. We need in order to create life.

So , we are not here to eliminate the unconscious. We are here to know how to use it properly. So , the task for today would be to look backwards to all the changes that I have lived in my life. Okay?

All these changes that pushed us , and it was hard for us in that moment , like painful in that time. But now we can see backwards , and we can say , oh , that thing that happened was the best thing for me , for what I am now. So , we have to understand that change is an external force that pushes towards change by force. When transformation is something from within , that I decide myself.

Okay , to express. So , remember the task , to think about all those moments of big changes that makes you change by force , and you suffer this change. But now , give a complete meaning of where are you standing right now to be who you are. So , let 's go to the information for today.

The sound for today , the vibration we are going to use is Sue. The. . .

Even for today is I am agreed of path. The information for today is the soul pattern , pattern R. It says , the strong R. Sam recalls the roar of battle. For it is the vibration of defense. Every family , nation , country , empire , or religion builds around itself a protection shield , different shading from others.

And creating this thing. Positions and wars , conflicts , and intellectual fights or battles , determining the strength of an entity , different shading itself from others. So , go to the alignment for today. I focus my breathing.

I become aware of the oxygen coming inside through my arms , towards my lungs , heart , blood , organs , and muscles. Take a deep breath , letting yourself fall in within your body , looking for a cell , and get clipped back until you see it very big in front of you , a mother cell. Take a deep breath , and dive within the cell until you feel that you are floating within the city pleasant. And with your hands in the nose , take the chromosomes and begin to disarm them until you feel the chance of NA curling between your fingers.

These are the codes that makes you be who you are. I recognize that I am in the North Los and then with the body of my mother. Observer of all of you how that I am is coming in the shape of a spiral within the body of an espramatisoid. I feel how this espramatisoid touches the limit of the cell , change polarity , making the cell shine like a human.

Take a deep breath , and allow this espramatisoid of the I am , come within your body. Take a deep breath , and feel this spiral coming through the crown , heading towards the third eye , a throat , heart , and plexus. From there , it spreads all its genetic material through the scrum , root , necks and feet. I perceive how my cell starts to divide in meiosis.

The one where I find myself , the eye , and the other one in front of me , the am , I am. I have set my intention for the consciousness of the I am to expand the cells. I am the two into four , then in eight , six , and so on , expanding and creating my body. I perceive how the cells are creating my heart , intestines , brain , and each one of the organs , muscles and bones.

I feel myself , feet , legs , hands and arms , my head , my whole , floating in the womb of my mother. I perceive how the body is creating my heart , my whole body , my whole body. I am aware that all the pressure that I am feeling is the pressure shaping my reach. I am about to change entirely.

So it 's only about me , only me who is able to dissolve , if I will be born in this change , by conscience or unconscious. I become aware that each path and circumstances that I have lived that shaped me are now going to project ahead in the new path of my life , where I will be the one deciding each one of this. I am going to expand all the path , head towards me , expanding through this end , start to push to go outside , to begin your new path. So So So So So So I keep pronouncing the sound.

I keep pronouncing the sound. I feel how my crown is outside , pushing , letting the eyes outside the mother , mouth and the entire head. So I keep pronouncing the sound. I feel the neck.

Arms , shoulders , back , chest , coming out. My hands , belly , waist , genitals , and hip. Now also my legs , my knees. I feel only my feet in my mother , as the rest of my body is now enlightened by the outer world.

Take a deep breath. Take a deep breath and become aware that every path that you have lived and went through are now connected to all the path that you are going to go through. And you will take this new life. I recognize I am agreed with that.

I am agreed with that. I am agreed with that. So now I decide by myself to begin this new path with consciousness in the wisdom of all this knowledge that I have acquired in my path. Take a deep breath.

And I take my hands to my heart. I become aware that these are the two pillars of my reality here. The knowledge and wisdom , the conscious and the unconscious. These two are the goal of all the path that I have walked and these two are the two pillars from where I will create my new path.

For I am agreed with that. Take a deep breath. And I start to bring all this consciousness through my body by experiencing strength and joining. I am going to come back here now.

I have been speaking too much just to remind you that the important thing is the alignment. So if you just want to make the alignment and not to hear the whole explanation , remember that maybe I will start with the explanations with the with the meditation. Around 9 to 915. So the explanation is something useful.

If you want to hear it , maybe in some other moment. If you do n't have so much time , but I guess it 's important for you to have it. Thank you all for being there always. And I always drink a little and rest a lot.

See you tomorrow.