Hi everyone , good afternoon , good evening. So I remind you that this day today is the last day of the week that I am going to be alone because in the next days I will be with all the other people , the people that came for the trip with me here in Gia. So I wo n't be alone. Today is one of those other days that I am not really aligned with myself.

I 'm a bit tired. So I think I 'm not going to be very sharp today. This is what happened when you are watching me every day and the evolution of my process being here every day with you. So this is it.

All this coaching , I guess I have this coaching since March. So I think I already had the COVID. So I did n't , because it 's normal that I had this coaching all the time. So maybe I had it.

I was healed. I do n't know. Who knows? Because it 's not normal for me to have constantly this.

So I do n't know. I do n't have to with myself. A little bit more. So today the topic to discuss today is related to the plexus and because it 's also related with food.

Yeah , with food. So what we are also talking is during the physical aspect of the month of Libre , we will be talking about duality and polities. So we will talk about food and fast. We can see information that we have spoken yesterday.

We can understand that the reality , everything that is created by the conjunction of atoms that are trying to save energy. So the atoms create the molecule. So they create the chemical elements. So these chemical elements , they organize in such a way to save the energy as much as they can.

So they structure themselves to hold it , to save all the energy that they could. So this is like an inorganic structure that does the crystals , the minerals , everything that is very rigid. But then we have the other way in which the atoms are related , which is the exchange of this energy. And by exchange , it means loss and energy.

So this means that this structure transforms itself constantly in different things , trying to look for more energy because they are wasting energy while they transform themselves. So this movement makes the concept of organisms. So we have the inorganic structure and the organic , which is that they move and transform themselves constantly. So only about the organic aspects , they in order to change the transform and to adapt , they lose energy.

So they have to go out and to look for new energy to earn energy. So it could be in balance. The first process of looking for that information is when a proton or an electron are looking for the opposite charge. So they could create energies.

The negative of the electron , the positive of the proton , they are looking for the energy of the other one in order to create a balance with energy. So they are searching for that energy outside. So through thousands of years of evolution , this same process of the proton and neutron and the electron has been evolving to look for other ways of absorbing that energy , which would be by photosynthesis in the physical digital realms by absorbing the light , transforming the light. And then other organisms would eat the plants and the other animals would eat those other animals.

So this change of energy , constantly , is what we call thing. Basically , it 's to feeding. The process of feeding is the exchange of energy that has been involved in from the atoms trying to balance themselves. The concept of eating of feeding would be best.

The best way to say it. So the concept of feeding is about to help something to grow. Okay? That 's the origin of the word would be that to help to grow.

So food , the origin of the word , would be that to give the opportunity to grow. So this would mean that when you receive energy , you transform your energy and the cells starts to divide. So they grow , they expand. So to feed yourself would be to allow yourself to grow , to expand your structure , your system.

Because of this , the biology , the organic system is constantly looking for energy in the outside that can fill up the void , the spaces , the gaps that I have because of the transformation , of the loss of energy during the process of transformation. So that 's what feeding would mean to fill up a space that is void of energy. We have to look into the process of feeding through three different levels of consciousness , which are the subconscience , the unconscious and the conscious. And the three of them will be crossed by the concept of emotion.

And where is that? Because emotion means energy. Remember that we have spoken about this , that emotion basically is the electrical pulse created by the reaction of something that is happening outside. So basically the pulses of energy that we receive from our side , our brain understand that information , that electrical pulses as emotion.

But it 's energy. So we relate everything with energy. So if food is energy , we will relate food with emotions. Food is energy , energy is emotion.

Emotion are electrical pulses , negative and positive. So what we receive as this energy , we can understand that all food that we have in our lives , they are related with something emotional. If I eat in a sandwich , I will remember , in my cells , I will remember the first time I ate one , the one that my mom did to me , all the situations and emotions that reminds me about sandwiches. And this is why I am willing to eat them because I felt good because of this.

So this is why also we relate the pancreas , which is the gland that creates the insulin that is the hormone that goes through the blood looking for the glucose to bring it to the cells. We relate that gland with the plexus , which is the emotions , the the bounce that we have with others , the feelings , the sweetness of it. To understand the process of subconscious , the subconscious is like a library where all information of all humanity has been storage through the process of living. So all the history of humans have been storage in a registry that we all share and it 's within our bodies.

So all experiences of every minute has been registered in our cells. So this means that a lot of information that we have within is encoded since the very beginning of our civilization. And what happened in the beginning of civilization? Human.

The very beginning , humans were tiny little groups working around the world in just family groups , maybe three , maybe ten , but nothing more. So they were very easy praise for the predators , other animals and other people that were hunting to survive. So we were not able to be sedentary. We had to be nomads.

So we were running around , we have to go all over the planet , trying to look for food. And during the winter it was the hardest part because there was no vegetables to eat , there was no fruit. So the only way that they found to survive was following the animals and signs kill one of them and eat them because there was nothing else to eat. So since the very beginning , during thousands , thousands of years , the humans have survived by eating meat.

So meat for us was the basis survival. And not only because they were eating the meat , but the animals gave so much more. They gave the , how to say , the fur to cover winter , to make clothes. They gave bones to make tools.

So they gave so many things , not only food , not only the meat. So the flesh. So what happened was that in our subconscious , we relate meat with survival. We relate eating animals with filling fine.

So now of course , from our point of view today , we can go to supermarket to buy pumpkin now in this following , following , following , sorry. So we can eat vegetables. But not all the countries can do that because most of the countries , they had all problems with some bacteria in the vegetable. So they still need meat in order to feel safe , to not to die of some disease.

So we should not think about this from the point of view of our spirituality , our modern spirituality that we may say , no , you do n't have to kill animals. We have to understand history of humanity in order to understand why humans still need to survive. This is something that is in our subconscious. So basically , the subconscious is telling us about the way we feed ourselves through survival because it 's what we have to do in order to survive in this planet.

The other level of feeding yourself is unconscious. And by unconscious , we mean society. So the next step is to understand that civilization created the culture when it could be settled and they started to create the settlements , the sedimentaryism. They created all this security in the civilization.

So during this whole process , there was much more food and people was able to exchange food , to buy , to sell food. So it was easier. Everyone could have a lot of things. So this created a new way of eating , which was not survival , but was to share.

So from the very beginning , at home , mom used to say you have to finish everything that is in your dish. So you have to eat it to make your mom happy , for example. So this creates a bound , a link with food that is much more emotional than to survive. So you start to relate food with the family.

You start to relate food with friends and you start to share with others with friends , inviting people to eat at home to make them feel loved. And you understand that by food , you are feeling part of something. So you eat and you rip and you eat what others are eating because you want to feel part of that society of that group. So in past times and even today , but in the past times , the kings and queens used to share the dishes of the kings and queens.

So they could see that the food was not poisoned , that they were trust between each other. So they would be peace just by sharing the meal. So that is a good concept to understand the anxious way , which is sharing , feeling love , trust when you share the food. So basically in the unconscious , the feeding is about to feel yourself part of a group.

So the third process would be the conscious way. And the conscious way is when you realize that you do n't need to survive anymore , that you do n't live to eat. And that also you are not willing to be part of anyone , of anything. Like I do n't need to be accepted in any group.

So you begin to take care of yourself , to think about what is good for you besides what other things , what is good for you by culture or by survival is when you just , I have to feed myself with the energy that I need. So you start to wonder what your body really needs. So you feel really heavy , so you do n't need meat anymore because meat is very heavy and energy. So you do n't need to eat more meat because it 's very heavy , so maybe you want to feel more light.

So you eat more vegetables , for example. So you start to change your way of relation with the energy you are bringing in. So in that moment of consciousness , you stop just taking energy in your food because you need it. You just start to eat the energy of what you need.

It 's just a way of sharing the energy and exchanging energy , then really a storage energy for yourself just in case. Something that I want to say about this , about eating , the process of eating is that some people are asking constantly , so what is the real way of eating? What is the best way of eating? And I would say there is no way better than others.

There is a way for each person because each body is different. You can not eat just because someone says , no , this is the good thing to eat because that 's the good thing for their bodies , but not your body. You have to listen to your own body to see what your body wants to eat every day. But do you have to be aware and conscious about what from where you are eating it?

If you are eating from the subconscious , which is , I need it because I do n't want to die , or you are eating unconscious , which is , I always ate that. So that 's how it always has been. So this is unconscious , which is cultural. So when you are conscious about your process of feeding yourself , you start to listen to your body.

You start to feel your body. And you realize you need , and sometimes your body needs meat. And you should not feel guilty if you feel the need of meat because some people still are related with the memory of the cells that tells I need meat. So you should not stop eating something by guilty.

You must become responsible of what you eat , but not feeling guilty because there 's a lot of people saying you have to change your way of eating. You do n't have to eat this. This is killing animals , blah blah. And the cells , the cells does n't understand moral , souls or whatever.

They do n't understand that. They do n't understand spirituality. Cells understand energy. That 's it.

So if they need meat , your body will need meat. So what you have to become is responsible in the way you eat. So you can start to change , step by step , your way of eating. It 's a process.

You can not say to others to change the way of eating , it 's another , just by morals. You have to teach and to show the process so the body can get used in you way of eating. So it 's a long process. You have been thousands of years eating the same things.

So you will need not just one day to change your diet. To be responsible means to understand that you have to acknowledge why. Why you are being addicted to eat or whatever to something. Because your cells are the first addicted of your body.

They are addicted to energy. So you have to think about what you become addicted to some things. So you have to go to the origin of the first times. Not only because of food , also the people that smoke , the people that drugs themselves.

All these needs that does n't have any coherence and that are heart hurting your body. Sometimes cells are asking for energy that is not good for them. So you have to acknowledge why I am eating this. So to be responsible is to start to receive , to understand why I am doing this , why is doing me bad , how can I change and slowly change the way you absorb the energy.

So another thing to understand here is that the last one that appears organism. And organism is not a way of eating , it is a way of living , it is a philosophy of life to protect the rights of the animals. So do n't make a mistake thinking that it is just a diet. It is a philosophy of life.

So another concept that I wanted to say about organism is that I know that organism will be like the way of life for most of the countries in the future. So of course that organism is something that will be natural in the future. Now it is like kind of a mode , I do n't know how to say it. Like something new , but really organism will be the way of living of the future.

So we have to understand that , we have to understand that in some day , in the future , people will study what is happening now with the animals like the holocaust. It will be the same. So this will be a law and lifestyle for the future. So no doubt about it.

But the thing is that , remember , organism is a culture , it is a philosophy of life. So it will become a culture for a lot of people in the future , for entire civilizations in the future , and short future. So we should not as vegan people , vegan people should not become like the fastest of that culture. And why I say that without any problem to say it?

Because fascism is when a culture tries to put over the other one , blaming the other one , and trying to make it disappear , because they believe that they are better. Okay , that 's a fascist. What vegan should do is educate , not impose a culture. We have to educate people to understand that the future will be vegan.

So we have to make people understand that in a way that they love vegan , not hate vegan. Our goal is to make all the people to understand and love the culture of organism for the future. Not to try to get rid of them , because you can understand them. But they are fighting.

You know , you know? So this will be natural , and we need vegan teachers , no vegan fighters. Okay? It 's a long process for a lot of people to understand.

We have to educate the subconscious. One of the ways in which you can start to transform your own body is through fast. And fasting would be like this tool to help you regenerate the potential of your own cells. Okay?

So imagine that each one of the cells in your body is a person 's society. Today our society is a consummate society. So it 's consumed , consumed , consumed constantly all the time. Well , our cells does exactly the same.

We constantly eat and eat and eat. We receive all this information and we do the cells constantly. So the cells are eating and eating and eating and eating constantly like we do in our society. So the only way we have to relax and to stop consuming is to give a space , to give a moment for the cells to take a deep breath and to allow the potential of the cell to go out.

Because you are not allowing the cell to express its own potential because they are trying to process information constantly. So what we have to do is to make some fasting. Okay? A few hours , then a day and so on.

So we give a break to our cells. Okay? So it could transform itself. The process of fasting.

Please , if you eat a lot , if you are usually eat an eater , do n't stop eating and start the other day. Okay? No , never do that. You just low your amount of food for a week , okay?

Less and less and less. Until you just eat tiny little food like five times a day for a whole week and then you just skip for a week the breakfast and then another week the main meal , then the dinner and like that. And then you go back again , again with the meal , again with the dinner , with breakfast and again with food , okay? Just do n't point yourself like a goal to be a panic person.

Those who are pranks perfect. For those who does n't know what is a panic person or those that eat the energy of the environment , the energy of the light. The best light to absorb is the one in the sunrise and the one in the sunset. But just do n't put the goal like becoming a panic.

No , no , no. Good for them who has accomplished that , but it 's not a goal. This is not a race to be panic. No , this is give a break , holidays for the sales and then you go back to work and then again holidays and then go back to work.

It 's something that you have to do sometimes , sometimes not , okay? And that 's it. So remember this feeding yourself as a way of exchanging energy and fasting as a way of generating your own self. I spoke too much and I should be sleeping.

The vibration for today is sheer. Today we begin with the new group of 12 codes which are the universal laws. The code for today is mentality. The first law of the universe is also the only one for all the rejection of this one.

Everything in the universe is the pulse of the mind which is divided into the trinity of the subconscious and conscience and conscious. We are all part of the thoughts of a synaptic network of the creator 's dream and for that through our mind we can access this dream and become him. The statement for today is I am the evolution of the beam. Did yourself comfortable if you want to lay down to be stand up , stood up.

Sorry. I stretch the body , massage the body and your own. And I relax. Just focus in my breathing.

I bring all my attention to my left foot starting to move my toes. And the ankle. And the hip. And the left side.

I bring my attention to my waist turning and bending the body towards the left , feeling the pressure. Coming back to the center. I start to move my fingers , my left hand , on my wrist and softly in the soft circles. I start to move my hands up to the left shoulder.

I begin to move my head from the neck in circles towards the left. And very softly I start to move it towards the right. I descend this movement towards the right shoulder and then to the right elbow. I descend the movement to the right hand , wrist and fingers.

I start to bend my body towards the right , feeling the pressure in the waist. And I start to move the right hip and then the right knee. And I descend the tension to a circular movement in the right ankle towards the toes in my right foot. I pay attention to the energy of the I am above my head.

The I am through the crown with your imagination helping it go down through the third eye , the throat , the heart and the angrily. And the pancreas , the solar plexus. With your two hands , press with two fingers of each hand and your stomach below your stern. And above the belly button.

I start to make a massage in circles all around the stomach by the belly and also down and below the last hips. And besides doing this massage , pressing my belly , I feel like if I am opening , pressing and moving from the belly until under the ribs. Like opening a portal in your stomach , letting the yellow light , the plexus go out. I relax my hands and allow myself to perceive the energy of this light coming from my plexus.

I start to spread the light towards all directions. I start to spread the light towards my plexus. I am the evolution of the being. I am the evolution of the being.

I take the breath and bring all this consciousness through each one of the joints we have been opening as portals by stretching , warning and messaging. And it 's one at some time. I start to spread the light towards my plexus. I recommend you to drink a lot of water and rest a lot and see you tomorrow at the same time.

Bye!