Hi everyone , good morning , good afternoon , good evening. Welcome all of you to the closure of the emotional week of Aquarium in this tourist day. So today I will try to go to the point because otherwise I would be speaking for three hours because today we have three concepts of this trinity of fire. So the tribe flame , which is areas for the physical body aspect of the trinity.

Leo of the soul of this trinity and sati-terries is the spirit of this trinity. So I will try to make a summary of them one by one. So we do n't forget them. So we have here areas , Leo and sati-terries.

So this is the trinity of the fire , the tribe flame , which is this one here , areas represent in the will , so I will write to the nervous process very different. Will this one here Leo representing the love and sati-terries representing wisdom. Threat flame , okay. And have you heard about the tribe flame?

So the concept of this tribe , tribe flame , the concept of the tribe flame is a metaphysical concept. It 's not the physical concept of course. So this concept is speaking that we have all within three flames inside our heart , hidden our heart. And when we actually make the three of them means that the I am has been downloaded in our body , that we are living through the I am.

So this trinity is activated within ourselves in the heart and the core of the self of the being. So this is the , but this is not the physical aspect , this is the conceptual , this is philosophical , mental physical. And it 's describing as symbolism is describing that this colors , which are the blue , the red and the yellow , the main colors , this three main colors are related to the will , the love and the wisdom. So these three are the attributes of the I am in order to connect the trinity of the I am , where we need to do is to have balance in our will and our love and our wisdom.

So that 's the , the tribe flame , really , okay. So this tribe flame is related to the balance and the harmony of oneself. So these are the attributes of the self of the being the me , the three different attributes that must be in balance. So if we draw the flames like this , we will figure the shape of the divine , which is the tetrahedron , the shape of God , which is the symbol of the fire.

So this is the best way we can see the , try and , flame , I do n't know the name , I do n't know how to say it probably , the trinity of the flames. What we have to do with this aspects of our personality is to put it all together as one integrated. And the fire is the element that integrates. When we speak about the , the steps of the universe integration is related with the symbol of the fire , because of course the fire turns everything that is separated into ashes to the original form.

And that 's why fire is related with this integration process. Of course that this circle is talking about the complete beam , the one that has discovered the I am. But if we had n't discovered the I am , we will have this flames becoming fires and this fires will be separated from one another. So , this aspects of our self will become parts of our personalities.

And we will be working separately with each one of them. So what we are going to do now is to try to understand each one of these flames of these fires by separated. So we can understand and relate with our ambulance of it. And then we can understand how to put that together , at least in a conceptual way.

Let 's begin by the body. First of all remember that we have areas we begin with the body. So areas comes from the word , adiant , adiant , that means ram. The ram is one of the first animals that humans were using.

Ram and goats after being collectors and hunters. At first humans were hunting , collecting fruits. And then before they discovered the recapture and the civilization , they were. Shepherds.

So the shepherds were handling the rams and the goats. So they took all the food , the meals that they need , milk , the wool , the meat , everything was coming from. That humans needed was coming from the ram and the sheep and the goats. So this is why for humans this was the beginning.

There was the beginning , the animal that represents the origin , the beginning of everything. There is a moment in humanity when they became like this kind of shepherds. That humans discovered the fire. I am not going to tell the stories about the fire because it 's very long.

But in the same time that they were using the goats and the rams , they discovered how to handle the fire. So they discovered how to cook. They stopped eating raw flesh and they started to cook the meat. The fire was really important for our evolution in the moments where people were shepherds.

Because when they discovered the fire , they started to cook. And cooking is the key for us to become what we are now , our homosapiensapiens. It 's not about what we thought or whatever , it 's about how we cooked. Sometimes it seems like nothing but really it means everything.

And why is that? Because we all eat. And until that time until the discovery of fire , how to use and handle the fire , humans were eating raw flesh , raw meat. So because of this , all the proteins and minerals and nutrients that usually the food has in the meat and vegetables , usually our intestines are not able to process all that information.

Because it 's so stock that it 's impossible , the body does n't have the time to process properly all that information. So usually we were like popping , most of the things that we needed. So they just went away , we lose them. But what they started to do by cooking , sorry , when you cook the food , when you put fire on it , there is a chemical process that happens in the meat and vegetables that accelerate the.

. . this composition , that 's easy. So it accelerates the decomposition of the food.

So the minerals and proteins and all that information easier to be absorbed. So that 's why when people started to cook , when people started to cook the food , they were able to absorb more nutrients for the neurological system. So because of this , people started to think , people started to be able to have cognition , is because of this spark of the fire that humans were able to see to understand , to start to think differently about the world. This is why areas is related to the beginning of our humanity as we know it.

Because areas is the beginner , is the one that sees the spark in everything. The one that says , I want to learn this , I want to do that , I want to go and understand this and so on. So it 's because of this , that the people started to wonder and we relate the goat with the beginner of humanity , with the beginner of everything , with everything that we need , so on. The areas basically is the spark of knowledge , is the spark that leads us to begin to do stuff.

It 's like the key that is trying to learn everything as much as possible all the time. So of course that what I 'm speaking about is the beginning of our humanity. It 's not related , like we are doing today because now we , for example , boil in the water. When you boil the water , you are killing all the microorganisms and like bacteria and so on.

So that 's why the people started to boil the water and they were healthier than before because of that. So we have been thousands of years boiling water , eating , eating cooked food. So that 's why we have been thousands of years prepared on how to process this nutrients and this food in our body. So that 's why we can eat differently today , we can be vegetarian , we can be vegas and so on.

Because we have the opportunity and we have done the preparations for that. It 's not like , and also now you can go to the supermarket and you have all the supplements for the food. Like you can go and find rentals and some beans and so on to replace the meat. In that time , the only thing that they found was a goat.

So it 's very different. So we do not judge how we begin and how we are now. This fire that enlighten this knowledge that allows the person to think and to recognize the environment is the spark of the first humans. The ones that are learning about themselves.

And if we go to the very beginning , to the very beginning of humanity , the whole things that they were doing by cooking , eating and having strength for the body was all about survival. Was all about we have to survive. I need to keep my body alive. That was the main thing.

So that 's why this survival of the body was related with areas like the constellation that is related to the self. I am the one that needs to survive. I am the one that must be protected. I have this needs.

I want this or that. So it 's the areas thought way of seeing it. And it 's not that is good. Why is good?

Because it 's the I am. Is the one that knows that everything refers to itself. That everything is about us as one. So areas is the one reminding us first is me and then the rest.

It 's just a projection of myself. That 's areas. Okay. So it 's not bad.

It 's not about attribute. So that 's why areas is related with the will. Is the will of finding something going out , trying to figure out the things of the life , trying to learn about new things like a kid , trying to figure out things. We have to remember that we have this positive aspect of areas which is the I am.

The one that says , It 's me. I am here and this is my place and I am this part that activates everything , the will of doing things of learning of , you know , that 's that 's the spark of life that 's areas , the kids that is willing to learn. But in the other hand , when you have. You are not in balance as the areas archetype.

They are the kids that wants everything for themselves and that fight if they do n't get it. Makes like , ah , like this thing. I do n't know if you English the word. And they start to fight and they start to question the things before listening or or or understand the things because they say , If I do n't get it , it 's because it 's wrong , you know , it 's like like this , this reaction all the time.

So areas is like the body of a kid that is adapting to life. Now we go to the lion Leo , which is the next one of the flames. So areas is the center. Nris is the eye eye eye me me me.

It does n't see that there is anyone around. It 's only me me and me. Is the center. And now Leo is the one that realizes that I am not going to be able to be in the center unless the other ones around me help me to be in the center.

So Leo is not like areas that has the ego that says I do n't care about the rest. Leo is the ego that says I have to take a look in everyone that is around me. But not because I want to help them , but because if I do n't help them , I am not going to be able to be in the center. So to understand Leo , now we have to go back again to the origin in Africa to see the lions.

We call lions the king of the rainforest , even if there is no lion ever lived in a rainforest. So usually , if you have seen any documentary of the lion , you will see that there is the lion , the king. Up in the rocks , watching everything and the lion is all around below. And the other , some other lions around , okay , but everyone below.

So now we will try to understand this image from two points of views. One from the feminism and the other one from the masculine side. Let 's try to understand how the the hurts of lions lion is work. Only for that animal , all the animal kingdom mostly , they work in kind of the same way.

How they produce much more feminine than masculine , okay. They have much more female than male. This is because the nature wants to produce , wants to produce life to create life , okay. So most of them , they use this system of having one male breeding all the other female.

So they have much opportunities. But who choose the male? Because the female that choose the male. Because what the nature wants is for the feminine to determine which is the best specimen to give life.

So this specimen , the male , has to be clever , has to be bigger , has to be strong , has to have a lot of things in order to show the female that is the best specimen. To be used. Okay. So this is why through thousands of years of evolution , normally there are many female and a few male.

Okay. It 's because of biology , basically. So because of this , we usually think now that why the lion is the one that is not doing anything and it 's up there , like watching everything like a king. But I invite you to see a different point of view.

The different point of view is the lion is there because of the lines. Are the witnesses that are protecting the lion because is the best specimen to , is the best specimen to create life to have , Carl , Carl say , the baby lions. Carl , Carl , I do n't know. So this is the idea of the feminine using the masculine.

So why is that masculine there? Because the feminine are protecting the masculine because is the best specimen. But if this lion does not good things , the witnesses will choose another one. And that one will fight against the old king and existing and take it place.

Okay. So now you can understand from this point of view that Leo is not related with the power of being over the others. It 's related with the ego that needs to give good things for the rest. Otherwise it loses its power.

Leo would be that one , the aspect of Leo in the positive way , would be the one that leads that gives what it has to the rest that shares and guide and is master and an example to follow. And so different kinds of like this. And is the person , is that not the person is the attribute or the archetype of the leader is the leader that does n't need to do much things to become a leader. Okay.

Because if that Leo is in the center is able to lead the others with the example. That 's that 's the Leo and it recognized that by soul is connected with everyone. When the archetype of Leo goes out of the balance and loses its axis has nothing to give has no idea what to give to the rest. So Leo without a purpose , without anything must invent one.

It needs to invent something so it starts to act. So it can be seen. Okay. So that 's the moment when Leo starts to say , hey , look at me.

I have so many things to give you. I have so many colors. I have so many things and everything is empty , but it does n't matter. I have everything.

I have everything you need here now. You know like like that. So they start to control the other people and try to manipulate the people so the people can see them. They start to to make themselves be seen because the ego of Leo in the opposite of areas Leo needs to be seen in order to exist.

So the best example for Leo out of the axis is the politician. The normal politicians that we usually know that needs to say beautiful things for the people to believe them that this is the change that we are doing this and we will promise that and we are promising you that and so on. And they are looking for this group of people to follow them , but they can not they do n't have this strength. And that 's why they are lying.

So a Leo that is in order does not need many things to call attention. Leo that is in order is just a leader by itself. It does n't matter what they do. The area is the body so it 's the will , the pushing in order to do things.

But Leo is the soul so it 's related with love. So in this time in this moment Leo needs love to be seen. It needs to feel loved and needs to give love. This feedback of emotion in order to know that it can be seen.

Leo in its axis is the leader. The ones that is in the center sharing and opening the path. The Leo that is outside the center is the one that needs to call attention in order to feel itself the center because that 's not how to do it by itself. So it becomes control manipulation.

And then from the control we have such a terrorist. The third flame. So bitter is freedom. So bitter is the one that says yes.

I am the center of everything. Yes. I am a leader , but I do n't really care. So bitter is the one that says that says I am the center , but I either take the center with me.

Everywhere. Some other place far from here. And such a terrorist is the one that says and yes , maybe I am a leader of people because they follow me , but I rather they do n't follow me. So such a terrorist is the one representing the spirit.

So the wisdom. And the wisdom is because such a terrorist is the one saying that of course that is good to know who you are. You need to know who you are. And it 's good to know that you can handle your life and so on.

But the ego is not really the main goal. The ego is just the tool that you have to enjoy here and there is just something else that you can handle. Because when you used the ego , you had experience and you find wisdom. So through wisdom , so hysteria says , I do n't really care about the ego.

They just told for me. And that 's it. So we relate such a terrorist. We all know such terrorist like that person that travels a lot that goes away.

But all states are discriminating. Normally , such a terrorist is the one that looks to the other ones and laughs a little bit and says , oh yes , I know that thing. Yes , I 've been there. Yes.

Oh yes , the ego. Yeah , so funny. Is the one that usually enjoys such a terrorist is the one that will say to the other times. You do n't have to worry too much because for areas is like I want to have and Leo is the one saying , I will give you everything you need.

And such terrorist is the one saying , what is everything? Maybe it 's nothing. And what is the point? What is the point of having everything?

What is the point of having everything you are going to die? What is the point of giving everything to the other ones if you are going to be alone at the end? So why not to just enjoy the path the way there is no purpose? So just go around and see what happens.

When such terrorist says , but why do n't you enjoy and so on and and areas will say , no , no , I do n't want to enjoy. I want this now. I want right now this and Leo says no , you do n't have to just not do anything because you have a purpose. We all have a purpose.

We have to do many things otherwise we are going to lose and blah blah blah. And such there is when this one is fighting and this one is saying too much things about purposes and so are such a terrorist just says. And this up here , like magic. So one of the negative aspects of such a terrorist is that they are not responsible of anything.

They take everything as a joke and they say , I do n't really care what are you saying. I am not here to fight. So I 'm going to grow. So we have seen now the different aspects of these flames.

And now we are going to close the flame , the triumph flame. So how are we going to close this? By finding the access , the equilibrium of truth. Nris is the one that sets this part of life , the one that initiates the will of doing things.

And says it 's me , it 's all about me. I am. Leo is the one that says yes , I am , but I am also projected in the outside. And I have to find and unite all the other attributes and aspects of myself projected outside and lead them to the enlightenment of the I am.

And such a terrorist is the one that says , and once you find that I am , you will be able to set yourself free and be able to create everything that you want. Nris is the spark that ignites Leo is the flame and the light. And such a terrorist is the heat that expands through the air. So the way I can initiate all this is if I find this spark , this spark of myself.

I need to to refer to myself within my body and to take the will to set the ignition the spark of who I am. This is the way in which I can unite the fire , create the lights , the colors. So the other ones around can see with clarity can know where to head to. Because this is the torch that leads in the night.

And once they reach the place , they share the torch , they create much more fire , much more fires. And each one of those start their own path towards the I am. So this new path will begin by the will of started myself guiding the other ones by love. Getting wisdom through the path of my experience.

For our queries , for this new age of our queries , our queries is very individual. But it needs to work with the networks with the greed. So in order to do it properly , we have to remember that this part of the self is within. We need to remember who we are.

I am. So from this I am , I can lead the others that are searching for that I am. And once they do , remember that we all are sharing a network where each one of us has a new path. It has its own path to do.

So we should not follow when we find our path , we should not follow others path. We have to remember that I am the path. And that I can share it. And join it.

And join it. Okay. So that 's the information for today. The integration for today is.

The statement for today is I am the eternal nourishment. The goal for today is behind. On the back , it 's down the projection of an object or being that implies the defense. Protection and stability.

Whether it 's the shoulders or the spine or the shell in animals. Thus , biologically , the body was developed with intention of protecting itself by escaping a place or situation. Not looking back. We can interpret that we can interpret this into different ways.

One , run away from the past and live in it behind or two , protecting itself from the fear that provokes the unknown and the futures uncertainty. Let 's go to blind. I am very comfortable today because I have this. So it 's comfortable , close your eyes and concentrate in your breathing.

I am very comfortable. I am very comfortable. I am very comfortable. I am very comfortable.

I am very comfortable. I am very comfortable. I am very comfortable. I am very comfortable.

I am very comfortable. I am very tough. I do not gain weight from my toes. Take a deep breath and think about all the environments you find yourself in.

Think about your body and how it feels in this space. I use my imagination to make this space you should eat last time for the stars. As I breathe , I see a field , this deep space dark sky. I picture myself as the earth floating in the middle.

I can picture the three constellations of the Trinity of Fire , making a triangle around the sky. I see the stars of air , Leo , and some ferries. I perceive the light of the stars , gathering and coming towards me as one ray from each constellation. I go into the core of my earth to the heart of my body.

Like it lasts , focusing the light straight my core to the center , igniting the fire in my heart. I take to the breath and feel how the three constellations of the night 's three fires , three flames inside of my heart. Like you think , Leo. I perceive this flames , the three ethos.

I try to think about which one this region is in rolling my life. Perhaps I am like areas , selfish being , that only things in itself forgets you. I am like perhaps like Leo and Emerson for being , reaching for the love of the others to feel alive. You see the others to give them meaning to its existence.

I am like perhaps , and there is possible being like said you are there , the tries to escape. I am like the eyes of the minimum contact. I am a record-line , this imbalance , aspects of my ego. When I see them , I take all that information , all those situations , what I recognize myself with this imbalance ego.

I take all of them to the core to my heart , to set them on fire , this three flames , making it into ashes. To give it breath. The series , the night , the flame of areas , activating this park that reminds you , I am the center of all things. I am the center of all things.

I am the will of the pieces. I am like the flame of Leo , activating this attribute of love. Remembering that I am here for the others , I am the art , and all the others are here for me. I am love , I am my own leader.

I am the light , the guides , and the shadows. I unite the fire with flame of such a theory , and I recognize the attribute of expansion of happiness. Just so you know , I am wisdom , I am the expansion. Take a deep breath , and ignite as you see in your sound , the fire , the three flames creating the torus , nap and down , and in all directions.

I am the terminal nourishment , I am the terminal nourishment , I am the terminal nourishment. I am the terminal nourishment , I am the terminal nourishment. I am the terminal nourishment , I am the terminal nourishment. To keep you deep breath and at your own time , come back here and now.

Thank you everybody. I am the terminal nourishment , I am the terminal nourishment.