Hello everyone. Good morning. Good afternoon. Good evening.

Welcome to our day related to the root chara. Nothing is better to start the root chara. I have been a full moon and Scorpio. So I am going to the depth of what is the intensity of the that is hidden.

So I have been due to these tasks for these days. I have been painting the whole day and enjoying and enjoying. So I am a bit diary because I was painting the whole day , sitting there concentrated and suddenly I just sit here. So I am like , what am I?

What do I have to say? What I have behind me is really a mess. It 's really a mess. So you can not see it but I hope you do n't see it because it 's really chaotic.

So let 's begin. In one hand , I am a bit like this because I am my hand is another thing. And I thought that the topic for today would be easier and it 's complicated and I have no idea where to begin. To explain this.

So let 's see what I can do. The topic for today is to grow this growth. So what is the origin of growth? Grow comes from the concept in the European language which is gray.

And gray means to cultivate veggies. That 's why from the word grow we also have the word green and grass. Because the word grow is related to begins something grow. To cultivate something.

So it is a word that was related to agriculture. To put a seed to make it plant grow. So we could see how this tiny seed starts to up with leaves and branches and then flowers and then the fruits and the fruits creates new seeds. So the process of growing was related to cultivate vegetables.

So related to agriculture , this concept made us believe that growth is the idea of creating the way to grow is the growth. That comes from the European language care , that gives us to create something and also to breed. So you grow plants , cultivating plants and you also breed animals. So breed animals and cultivating plants would be like this concept of making things grow because they see how from a tiny seed or two animals.

We create new ones and they expand. So the process of growing is related to agriculture. Okay. So you can encounter this word , the meaning of growing.

Let 's see what is the meaning of growing in this path. So now going to the origin of the things. And we have here a circle , a dot , the origin , a sear. That starts to expand towards the outside.

That 's the only thing that exists and starts to expand towards the outside. So here we have the same third expanded out. But what happened , that the information is the same. Even if you expand it , the data size is exactly the same.

So by inspiration and acceleration , inspiration , this expansion will start to generate energy. So this will start to make that. The inspiration is a negative and the acceleration is impulsive. Inside and inside.

What they will start to do is to expand one outside the other. And it will start to create a new one from this center. So what allows this , that suddenly , only one thing is able to see to the perspective of one reality. So this system will start to replay into a new system into another one.

Another one , another one , and so on. So from that , starts to appear many other from this same reality. So what are they going to do? They start to look for energy and share energy.

From the outside. So what this is doing here is to create many options of sharing energy. And solving energy , which basically is what we spoke yesterday , related to the exchange of information. But the systems are used to exchange information from one another.

So once the flow of energy starts to get much more perfect , they reach perfection in the way of exchange this energy. Some of these cells , they stopped doing the job that they did before , which was trying to reach information time , trying to reach energy to survive and to exchange. Because they start to know that there are many others in charge of many other cells , are in charge of looking for the energy. So what they start to do is to say , hey , let 's do something different , because I do n't have to worry about looking for energy.

Other ones are doing that. So that 's why now I can take other paths. Some of these cells will start to develop the side , other ones , other ones , the hearing , other ones , the taste. So each cell starts to be programmed to develop one of the senses to receive the information but in different ways.

This brings us to create a complex organism. So if these cells can receive information and reproduce from other normal cells , this organism starts to become complex , and it gives them time in order to produce much more cells. Making every one of the organisms much more specified and concrete , much more complex. Going to the beginning , the cell that is the thing like the like a not molecule , chemical composed , they start to look for energy.

They are looking for energy all the time. They are harvesting energy from the system. What they start to do is to get much more complex , to evolve , to grow , to develop in evolution. So they get much more perfect today.

So by this exchange they create then NA , the cells. So they keep exchanging this data , this information. And what they are doing is to harvest energy. So that would be to grow like in the fields.

To grow plants , to grow animals is the same but with energy. So they start to grow things to eat. And this is why they start to reproduce and reproduce to do it better. And because of this , they grow as an organism.

So basically what we call to grow is only one being that starts to divide itself by thousands and many , many directions , creating a complex organism. But it 's only one dividing itself by millions. Growth is basically one cell dividing in thousands of cells because the harvest energy from the environment and that energy allows them to multiply by millions in a process that we yesterday call to reproduce. So that would be the field growth that would be the physical.

So where can we connect the idea of the spiritual growth or the inner growth? If we are just speaking here from the point of view of the physical. So first of all , let 's remember this , the spiritual world , the energy , the physical world. And the physical world are not separate things.

The three of them are projections from one another. They are only one thing. So we can say that this is the reality that it is not separated. And this is a projection.

I explain many times if remember , this is like water. We can see it in the gas , in the liquid and in the solid it. But it 's all water. It 's not separated.

It 's water. We can say this that the beam is equals water. We can say then that this beam , like the water , has three states. The mantle , the emotional and the physical , the spiritual , the soul and the body.

So let 's do this in the same way. So let 's look at it in this way. That if I have here one cell , I will project myself into millions of other cells. So we can say that here we find universal principles , laws.

Then we have here Charts and then we have here organs. So remember that everything the universe is connected is only one thing. The only thing that makes us appear that this is different is the vibration. So we can understand here that cell is a physical expansion from a spiritual consciousness.

Remember that one cell , one spiritual cell , is project towards us. So the information that that cell has is still here within us. The answer of the spiritual world is within. Because the information is in the cells.

The spiritual world is not in a magical reality outside. It 's not out of the body. It 's within the body. This cell that has this spirit of the information is within us.

And then we are a cell within another body which is the planet Earth. And then the Earth is a cell inside the body which is the galaxy. And so on. So this means that even if we go further into the realities of other dimensions in this most.

Anyway , we will relate that divinity to the first spirit that we did not have. So we can understand here that the spiritual growth or the common growth is not outside in another dimension. It is within our own system. And so in our body is designed in order to share data information to help the spirit to develop as we are now.

So the full growth is basically to be able to develop all our potentials from within. In our three states. Here and now. This means that our spiritual growth and our cognitive growth is related to the cells that we called neurons.

The ones that developed the philosophy , the thinking , the ideas. And this cells do n't die unless they get sick , but usually they do n't die as all the others do. This would mean that our growth in a physical way starts to develop itself in a way that every cell is trying to reach as much energy as possible to keep us alive. In the same time that the neurons are trying to do the same by improving our way of understanding the world , the intelligence between synapses and creating links to have consciousness.

So at the same time as all the cells in our bodies are trying to reach energy. Looking for energy , keep us alive and growing , creating organs. In the other hand , we have neurons doing exactly the same , but not reaching energy , but they are looking for a nation. So they developed this , the five senses in order to reach all the data from the outside to create a network that is growing constantly in our brain.

To solve conflicts , to solve ideas , to change the view , to expand our way of thinking. So this take us to understand that when a being , a living being starts to develop neurons to interpret the environment , this means that the spirit that is expanding in the universe is starting to understand itself to be able to think about the process that is going through. It 's here when we start to understand that it 's not in the way that the quantum physics understands the reality in which they say is that aware of the observer that modifies the reality outside. And we position ourselves like this observer is not that , is not us who modified that reality.

Is the only one observer , which is the consciousness of the universe , is the only one observer , the first one , the only one possible existing that has divided and growth so much. That created a lot of neurotransmitter , sorry , neurotransmitter. That are able to observe like many eyes. So we , each one of the beings that can , we are neurons inside the brain of the only one being that is thinking that we call the universe.

In this way we can understand that the universe is constantly growing in the physical way and of course , in the cognitive way. In order to create a cognitive growth , the universe , many of servers , many of servers creating synapses connecting to one another , developing and then thoughts. This explains that the universe is growing through us , that we in our process of , in our process of cognitive growth , understanding the world. We are filling the universe with that 's an information creating much more intelligence.

Making the universe much more intelligent. We humans have the first species that is intelligent. So it 's not that we create that thing. Is that we all are part of that mind of the universe.

The first intelligent being and I want to , a bit , what intelligent means. First thing to understand , an intelligent being does n't have all the answer and intelligent being does n't have wisdom. An intelligent being does n't have wisdom. So an intelligent being , intelligence from intelligent being , intelligent means to know how to read between lines.

So something that is intelligent is the one or the being that is able to connect the dots in order to create a new information. That 's intelligence. That 's why the universe is intelligent because the universe is connecting dots in order to create new data. And we are those dots of data.

This is why wisdom is not related with intelligence. So this is why the universe is not a being that has wisdom. Is it being that is intelligent that has developed a way in which it can connect all the data to create more answers and more options. So what this means that if the universe is intelligent , it means that it does n't have a plan.

It does n't have a clarification. This is something that we already spoke a long time ago in other than the month. The universe does n't have a specific plan. The universe is creating a plan according to what it leaves and understand about itself.

Remember that the universe in order to be able to connect and grow and create much more data , it needs to divide to create different options. Because the universe is only one option. The universe is only one that comes back to itself. The universe needs to be diverse.

The universe is one. The universe is two. It divides into two options. Perfect.

This is why the growth of the universe , the intelligent expansion of the universe , is created through diversion. The diversification of things. This is exactly the same that we , the living beings , develop as intellect. So humans , we do that since before we are born.

The process of cognitive or simplification. And we call that to play. To play , to have fun. To play and have fun are two ways in which we , as mammals and other animals , do two , create a faster development of our neurological system.

And we have the time to play , to enjoy , to have fun and in life. We start to create much more synapses to know how to handle environment , through imagination , through know how to use the reality. And we can say here , God is not playing with. So God is not playing dice , but actually is playing.

So we can understand that the universe actually is not playing exactly dice , of course , with the reality. But the universe is not creating through a plan , neither. Because the universe is growing. So it 's not creating , it 's growing.

It 's increasing its ability to think , to know. So the rules , the loss of the universe , starts to be created through the growth , through expansion. So this is why , in order to remember and connect with our divinity , we have to play to enjoy. I try to make a summary as much as I could , because I 'm really thinking in other things.

So I 'm a little bit , how to say , like , around. My mind is sleeping , going in many places. It 's all good. It 's nothing really bad.

It 's just that my mind was in another data information and let 's go to information for today. The vibration for today is all. The statement for today is I am the signer of matter. The code for today is Asia.

Biggest continent of all is related to the solar plexus of the world , from part of Indonesia in the China , and followed by China and Siberia , limiting west with Europe in the euro mountains and Anatolia between the Skins and the Black Sea. The Static continent is the land of the development of the beam , where the first races developed the first cultures , with them , and where the exchanges between tribes started , generating the first idea of societies and bonds between them. I 'm becoming aware of the existence of the surrounds me. The body that I inhabit and my own ratings.

When I under my feet I visualize a divine spark , the light of my body. The voices. . .

These are 90s. I have sent this device bar to my feet. I have organized my feet the sacred legs , the spirit , the two legs , the white and the blue going out through my legs. And then I set intention to grow.

What , is that perfect not really normal? You can do this. Relax easily. .

. . . .

. . . .

. . The two rivers. I recognize that here , the path of the feminine and the masculine get together , you can find the history in me , here and now.

When I said intention , then to grow in order to manifest my heritage here and now. I breathe and ignite my veins. I rise up this divine spark to my root chara to the lake of the utility. I visualize this lake that initiates the vital force of my Kundalini , origin of the inshetic path of the knot within me.

I set the intention to grow in order to manifest my new world and your life. I breathe and ignite my genitals. I ascend this divine spark to the creative center in the sacrament. I recognize here the temple of the mother , the womb of creation , in between the lights and the shadows.

I ignite my creative energy. And I set intention to grow in order to manifest my creations. I breathe and ignite the sacrament. I rise up this divine spark to my solar plexus.

I recognize in it the temple of the body and the attributes of who I am. I set the intention to grow so I can manifest my attributes and potentials. I breathe and ignite my plexus. I ascend this divine spark to my heart.

I recognize the temples of life and love. I see the temple of the body and the body of the body. I set the intention to grow in order to manifest my feelings and service to the world. I embrace and ignite my heart.

I ascend this divine spark to my throat chara. I recognize in it the temple of the sun , over the 18th it 's rays of truth. I set intention to grow in order to manifest my truth in the world. I embrace and ignite my throat.

I rise up this divine spark to my third life. I have served in front of me the eyes of the saints contemplating me. I set intention to grow in order to manifest my ideas to the world. I embrace and ignite my third eye.

I stand this divine spark to my crown. I see the end of the night within me expanding in a beautiful delta shining surrounded by all the pyramids in the shape of a crown. I set intention to grow in order to manifest my divinity here and now. I embrace and ignite my crown.

I recognize that this initiative brings me to the memory of my childhood growing up , playing and enjoying life in order to expand in the world. I recognize that this mind of a child is the one that creates the world. I am the designer of the world. I am the designer of the designer of the matter.

I am the designer of the world. I see you tomorrow.