All that is known about the there is Good morning , good afternoon. Good evening to everyone. So today that our topic is music , the arts of music , I have to do for all of us to begin with music with the harmony of music. So I just asked 50 minutes ago to De if he would be able to connect with all of us to start like this.

So for those who are new here , I would like to let you know that De , your present , he is able to , he is the one in charge of the design and the composition of the music. So the music that we use for every element , every meditation that we are doing since the very beginning is designed by De. Thank you , De. He just said that of course that as always we do have been improvised but with a lot of essence , everything that we do.

So he said that this is it , because all that we have to integrate was music , the rhythm , the harmony and the melody and all this was inside the song. So basically that 's the whole information. So I hope that we all are in harmony , get inside this topic of music. We will review some of the things that we have spoke about music many times last year , but I guess that is important to take a look into this again.

Sometimes and we will add some other point of view , which is the concept of arts and music as a part of the soul in torus. Let 's begin by what is the meaning of music. But music , even though we today related to songs and singing and sounds and all that , actually the origin , the meaning of music is not related with sound is related with a specific translation that really means high thinking or high thoughts elevated way of thinking. So let 's go into why it means that.

Music comes from the Greek language from Must a course that means related because means related related to the music. We have spoken about the music , the music are these divinities that inspire humans to make art. So they inspire them to do literature , to do poetry , to do architecture , sculpture , dancing and of course singing and playing instruments. So everything that was related with the concept of creativity was related to the music.

So this is why to be related with the music in Greek language is Musik , musik that is the origin of music. So eventually these are the arts to different names because musik is like the whole school of arts. So eventually sounds and singing and playing the instruments was much more related with the word music because it 's kind of the mother of all the others. The sound because the word creates the word is was one of the main basis of all things.

So the word comes from the European language , moon , swap , moon , meaning thinking to think about something and swap meaning speaking. So the thought that is spoken which means that you are singing that you are bringing this ideas into the outside. So basically creativity what you have within and put it outside. So moon swap is the origin of the word must.

And so this spirit will send that music. So let 's go to watch musaise represent for the world , for the universe. While usually was playing the piano I wrote this. So musik means spoken thoughts.

So basically means the manifestation of all our ideas. Music because of this music is kind of the main art that can hold the rest of the arts because it 's the one that explains the vibration , the ways. So because of this , it 's all the rest of the things exist. That 's why music is kind of the bit of everything.

Remember that we have spoken many times the universe is thought is ideas. So this ideas basically are a wave , a wave in which particles move through and this waves also can be in different states of vibration. So here we have that the idea the thought is basically the wave. The wave is the thought and then according to the vibration and then this wave starts to violate and by this vibration we can say spoken the vibration is spoken.

So let 's say that the wave is the thought and the vibration is spoken. That 's when we say and God the idea said let be light. So God the idea said. Okay , so this is how we can get the set.

Okay , that instead of saying the spoken thought we can say the wave that violates. So when we speak in religious terms we will say God said the word. When we speak like poetry we will say a spoken thought. When we speak much more objective we will say a vibration sorry a wave that I.

Okay , is the same. We can say for example here remember that here we have time and space the two constants of the universe space will be the wave. All this wave the violet one is space and then we different moments that we have that we call frequency and that would be time. Okay , frequency the time.

We spoke about this yesterday. So this wave here that we see it like the waves of a sea. Our call rhythm. Rhythm comes from the word that means flow and or flux to flow.

So basically rhythm is describing how the movement is constant. For example , let 's say that sounds like. So we usually can say that rhythm is like the repetition of something. But rhythm is not the repetition of something is the constant of something.

Is the constant flow of something. You see the difference. The difference of rhythm is not. The repetitions.

Is the constant of repetitions. So to see the rhythm as a constant we can see now the notes. And how they repeat constantly in a cycle. Okay , so for example we have.

One note which is see so. And then it repeated itself. In the outrage. So we have the seven note.

Ancient times we only use five which was the pentatonic , but now we have the seven and one once we reach the seven we repeat the same. The same vibration but. In a higher vibration or in a lower vibration if I go back. So this means that this one here for example will violate in to 20 for example.

Which means that in the next outrage will be for 40. It 's double. And then this one doubles again in 880 or this one down into 110. So it 's the same.

It divides divides or multiplied multiplied. Okay , by two. So it 's another one. So this is what we call.

To go into another. Octave of consciousness to go higher in consciousness. This is what it would mean to rise up the vibration. But this is all written what I want to say here is that is a constant is something that is constantly happening.

So then you can use it either way you you can use it whatever but but this is kind of the constant that that you have. So as you see here rhythm is not related with the beauty of the music itself is related with the code that helps the music to exist which basically is mathematics is about numbers. And codes and multiplication , division and all these kind of things that structure and or other the sounds according to the amount of frequencies that we have. This.

This constant is related. It 's as related to the amount of the quantity of Her which is the quantity of time. The amount of time that one note can violate per second. So for example , we have here is one and so it means that when you touch this note time.

It will violate to 120 times per second. Okay , so the same will happen here. When I touch this note. It will violate for 40 for 140 times.

Only one touch. Okay. That hurts. As higher the amount of times that violates will be higher the vibration.

So it will be more acute. The sound. And as lower if I break the less times if I break it will be. Like lower.

When we are saying for how many Her is the earth vibrating right now or how many Her is our bodies or our chest or music. So it will determine in which level of vibration we are it means that the matter is vibrating the the the courts of the matter are vibrating in that amount of number like. That quantity of vibrations per second. 20 Her and 20,000 Her is the range in which humans can hear under or above we can not hear maybe the dogs of course the dogs can.

But for us we can not. So eventually in one point here we start to have many problems and even the ear can. Can explode. So image in this is what we can hear.

So important to know that image in this there is no a perfect vibration. There is no the one that is the one that we have to use and everyone have to use this one. No , every vibration is useful for something. But we have to figure out which one.

We need according to what we are doing for example someone that is mental. That is working or needs to work with and we will need a certain vibration specifically certain amounts of Her someone that is living through other or needs to ground. In the earth we will need another kind of vibration of Her okay so it 's not. The good one or the only one we are working with a 432.

Because we are on service to the planet and for 32 is the one that violates with a high hard chara okay so we are on service on of the planet that we do say in that vibration that Her but it does n't matter in which one you use it. If you know that you need it. So now we have harmony. What is harmony?

Harmony means together. Together the parts okay. So harmony means a harmony when you have three notes for example three different things that you put together and they rebound. Which means that they kind of the same so because they sound kind of the same they rebound one to another.

So they are harmonic. Which means like for example you put a C E and. C T E. F G. If you have C E and G together you would have resonance okay so you have the three imbalance and that 's harmony. This is one of the other things that you can not interpret it normally but your brain is doing it all the time because the brain is trying to.

To get all the information all the all the data from the outside in quotes not in melody. Because of this coach that the brain interpreted we are able to listen the melody. But the only way in which we can relate with this with the in which we can understand the music is because the brain interpreted this coach. They you get rhythm and harmony rhythm and harmony together.

So these two will this two will give you the code that something is repeating. And the harmony is that they are resonance the things that repeat are resonant to each other. So that 's what the brain the brain says of now and relax that I could get that there are data that is repeating and that is connected to one another. Basically is is that.

So then we have melody melody coming from mellow means parts parts of something. So melody meaning parts means that we have one part another part another part another part another part. So basically the melody is the interpretation of the unity between rhythm and harmony. This is why we listen the melody because the brain is in charge to put together the rhythm and the harmony when they get together we can hear the melody.

So that 's why we usually listen to the melody. It 's a clear tension on the harmony the brain does that. The important thing about this he is that this rhythm and this harmony is according or we interpret it the brain interpret it according to our own by your rhythm and our own inner harmony. And this is how the brain matches with ourselves the music that we like and the music that we do n't.

You get this. So this explains also how not only music but also with people sometimes we can we ca n't even stand someone speaking or singing or whatever because we are not in the same resonance for some of myself I had friends that told me that at the first time they could n't even listen to me because they they could n't stand my voice. And and it happens to me too with other people that that I like those people but I ca n't listen to them listen to them because I ca n't resolve with them. So this explains how or why we love to hear some people and we ca n't hear some people we love to hear some music and we hate to hear some music.

Okay because rhythm and harmony are related to our brain so this happens with people and also of course with music so this is because the brain is interpreting everything. Through rhythm and harmony so the brain at me straight that information according to the resonance that they have inside. So if they have some resonance. If they have some.

So if this rhythm and this melody are resonant with information that we have within the brain we 'll storage that according to that vibration that we have. So all the codes that we have within ourselves that must with this rhythm and this harmony will be put in the same place or activate the same information meaning that. And since people. We start to awake the previous data of this rhythm and harmony that I wake in for example an emotion a feeling an intention.

So is because of the storage in the. The rhythm and harmony and that 's inside the brain so this is. This is kind of like killing the magic of me but actually like. How will it everyday that.

We humans started to use this this is the summer of music but we started to use this in a very natural way in our own evolution through history. And he was started to evolve using this resonance. This is the very beginning. Because we were looking for energy.

So we spoke the other days that since the very beginning in the atomic realm all of us are looking for the balance stability so this kind of explains also the looking for the twin soul okay which basically is to look for the other. Electronic products and impulsive or negative to create the structure to. So , to find stability. Yeah , so through thousands of years of ocean we have been designing different ways in which we could administrated that energy within through this.

States of vibration. So through thousands of years of evolution in the animal realm we started to. Design a way to attract that energy. How by reproduction and we use the sound to call the mate.

To call the mate or to make a way the. The the others. The enemies. So we started to use sound like birds singing.

Wolf barking. So we started to the animal started to use the the vibration the sounds as a way. Of calling energy. So eventually when humans appear.

We started to. To find a tool in a imitating the nature. To see to tell to what are the best praise. Or what are the the good places or so on.

So we started to imitate. The sense of the animals on nature and this sounds. Evolved in what we call words. And the interaction of this words is what we call a language.

So basically. So we are mediating the communication of nature. We started to create. Many languages.

So because we were imitate nature. One of the things that we did actually was to imitate the singing of the birds. The sounds of some animals that. Kind of.

So we felt like songs. So we begin our communication by singing. So this made that. During the first.

Time of humanity. Singing was one of the main. Ways of communication. To sing.

Aside the fire and so on. To share information through singing. So to wrap this idea. Let 's remember that we are vibration.

We are constituted by vibration. So when we. Can say this that this music this vibration. Is living through our own lives.

We have a real in our life. We have a rhythm of seconds hours. I mean , it 's hours days weeks. Months years.

And we kind of repeat things. Every certain times. So our entire life is a wave of rhythm. And in this wave of them , we relate with people that we rebound with.

That we feel comfortable with. And that 's harmony. So we start with in harmony. Throughout our rhythm.

So that 's the basis of our life. And then inside that rhythm and inside that harmony with this cover our I am , our self , the thing that makes us be unique , that makes us be special in all the rest that we will call our melody. Our melody will be the thing that makes us be unique. So to understand these concepts of me , it 's not for you to go and play an instrument after this.

It 's to recognize when you understand this , you can play your instrument in life. You can understand how your life will , so you can play your symphony. We are music made into matter. For us to recognize who we are , we have to find out our own music , our inner music within.

So in order to discover that we have to sing , we have to sing , we have to talk and pay attention to our words , we have to share , we have to play an instrument even if we do n't know how , we have to play with the sound. We have to create music to pay attention to which kind of music we like , which kind of music we listen to , if we listen to anything , so what would you hear? So that that would be to pay attention to the sounds , the music that we receive from the outside and which one we do n't. In order to see in which resonance we are vibrating and after that we can create our own music from inside in order to create , to find out your inner potential from your soul.

And it 's important to know that there is no the right music. There are music and there is a music for each situation and each creation , as we have different hearts , we have different music for each situation. So it does matter how horrible a song can sound for us. It 's basically music , useful , certain things.

So remember , we are music made into matter. The vibration for today is Ray. The statement for today is Ian Guardian of Truth. The statement for today is Ian Guardian of Truth.

The code for today is Panda , all multicellular organism covered by cover of cell loss and that produce its own nutrition with glucose base through the process of photosynthesis , which is synthesized in sugars from sunlight , is part of the complex Panda kingdom. Plans are the organisms that have adopted best to our world , self-sustaining themselves , creating their own nourishment and reserves , diversifying into different groups , all out-the-troughs and with sexual reproduction. This kingdom has the ability of producing not only their own nourishment but also medicine and work as a great example of harmony than ligament path. Let 's go to the element.

Sit comfortable , close your eyes and concentrate in your breathing. I become aware of those spaces that surround me , the body that I inhabit and lay on breathing. T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T You 've seen my imagination , I start to vanish , to maintain disappear , all the objects that are around me , all the things that are in this room they disappear. I start to become aware of each one of these objects that vanish , until I see the walls , the roof , the floor vanish as well , living a deep space void , empty.

And in this void , a sediment tension staring at one point , put in all the my focus on it. A size tear at this point , a take the breath , bring in all the energy and intention , until I see a spark , and this spark starts to expand in many others. Creating a fire , and that the power of this fire grows bigger and bigger , until I can see the light illuminating my environment , and I can feel its heat on my skin. I contemplate this fire.

I stare at this fire and become aware that this is the fire of my soul. The fire from where I can build my home , the home of my dreams. And with your hands start to take this fire , this heat and light , and softly , the moving hands in every direction as if you are dancing , slowly , it 's starting to build with this fire , the walls of this house of your dreams. It 's starting to build the rooms , the ferrounches , the guardsmen.

As I decide this house , I start to recognize that this home is me. The rooms are the organs , the kitchen , the heart , the walls are the bones , the garden and my intentions. The cover is my skin. I say all around , everywhere I start to sing my truth to activated in words or chest sounds.

The fighting of the song of the being that I am. The fighting of the being that I am. The fighting of the being that I am. The fighting of the being that I am.

The fighting of the being that I am. The fighting of the being that I am. The fighting of the being that I am. The fighting of the being that I am.

The fighting of the being that I am. The fighting of the being that I am. The fighting of the being that I am. The fighting of the being that I am.

The fighting of the being that I am. The fighting of the being that I am. The fighting of the being that I am. The fighting of the being that I am.

The fighting of the being that I am. The fighting of the being that I am. The fighting of the being that I am. The fighting of the being that I am.

The fighting of the being that I am.