Hi everyone. Good morning. Good afternoon. Good evening.

Okay. Did you read the post for today? I hope you read the blog today because today we finish our mental week. I 'm week.

Capricorn and as a good capricorn today we have an exam. I must say that I am not the one to do exams because I had to leave the university to have an idea how to make exams. So , this is a true story that I did n't understood the exams. I went for two years to the university in Argentina to study pedagogy.

There was one day that my partners from the classes were really worried because something and I asked why. I was like , well , the film test. What final test? You had to do the final test to go to the other year.

And they said , have you done one before? I do n't know. Maybe. So , I had no idea.

So , I just two years after I knew that I have n't done any exam in the university. I had no idea. So , there was a teacher that told me this is not for you , for sure. So , yeah , so I let.

I was a really good student , but I had no idea how the exams worked. So , I was better because in school you know the day of the exam and they tell you you have to study this and this and universities is different. You have no idea. You can decide the day.

I do n't know. So , so messy that that had no idea when. So , I was studying in studying studying , but I had no idea why. So , that was my story.

So , there was that the only or the only two exams that I remember in the university. I got so confused that I was taught and I could n't do anything and I just blocked myself in such a way that I was like autistic for a few hours. And they had to take me out from the from the room , from the classroom , because I was like like this and they had to take me out. So , so do n't worry.

I 'm not going to make any exam. I 'm not going to make some people. And in school I had no idea how to do the exams. So , most of the teachers they were like , okay , I know you know.

So , I will let you go. But yeah , so there were some exams that I did n't do , because they knew that I knew , but I have no idea how to answer an exam. Okay , and here I am in classes. So , that 's the irony of life.

But what I will do is to give you some task , because that I love , that I love to do. So , today we close with the tourists. And there 's just remember something else because there was speaking in English. And there was this teacher in Argentina that I had , Elisa Simpson.

It was like the cartoon. And she spoke to me in English once , and I had no idea what she said. And I asked for a friend , what he said , what he said. And he was like , well , she said that your English is so horrible that she 's expected not to.

She 's expected that you never have to do anything in English. And here I am. Translate to myself and I usually speak in all of this in English. So , so this is just to show you that you should never take the first perception of your own.

So , you know what 's going to happen. And maybe you will change your whole life during something that you never expected to do. The topic for today is stability. First of all , stability.

The origin of the word stability comes from the Latin , the ability to be stable , which is the ability to , to be in one place. So , from a ideology , stability is that. The ability to be whole , fix in one spot , one place. So , when we discuss about the stability , we all can , in the word , take us to the conception of being in one place , understanding that you are safe in the same spot.

And mainly that you had accomplished to get everything that you needed. Usually , when we say , for example , whenever I have my home , whenever I have my family , when I have a job , give me a good money , all these things usually we say the stability. So , that 's why we used to say stable , work , stable family , stable home , stable partners. So , we relate stability with the concept of being secure , finding yourself in one place , in a safe place.

Usually , we have the concept of survival. So , we look for things that we need in order to survive. So , we are in need of things. So , we are looking , we are in need of food , in need of a place to sleep , in need of reproduction , we live through needs that are coming from the outside.

So , when we talk about stability , we usually relate stability with the idea of having everything that I need. So , we relate stability with all the external aspects. So , I put all many concepts of stability related to something in the outside. So , that will mean that if that thing from the outside goes away , I will become unstable.

So , we have to go to the real stability , because this entity that we have created by culture is just a projection , but it 's not true. Let 's go to understand it. Let 's go to the board. So , basically , this stability wo n't work for the universe , because it does n't have stability.

Really , it can fall down. So , it really does n't have stability. This is why , in order to create stability , where we need to create points of to hold ourselves. So , in order to find a little bit of stability , I will need this to other.

So , I can have this kind of stability. In the universe , there is no up and down. So , this can also fall down. So , I will need something from the other side.

If we have this more perfect , we will understand that system , we have the ability to survive in any crisis. Because it does n't matter what happened to one of those crisis , each one of them can become its own axis. So , it does n't matter if it moves , if it falls down , a new one will become the axis. The axis , the axis , and so on.

So , if we multiply this system for many times , many times , to one side and another and turn it like this. So , once and again , so what we are going to create is sphere. So , many times , this symbol , multiplying like this , and many times multiplying like this. So , when we have a sphere , like a planet , in the core , we have the main force.

In our planet , we have the core of the world , which is iron mainly. So , this iron has a polarity , a magnetism. So , it creates magnetism , positive , negative , because the two polities are trying to reach each other to get together. So , they force the whole structure to spin towards the direction of this connection.

So , that 's why it starts to spin like any other body. This is why , where we will have a north pole , which is positive , and a south pole , which is negative. We will call this the north , the positive , and the south , and the negative. Why?

Because of the magnetism. The magnetism , the positive , is going that way. So , that 's why we call it the north. It 's not because I 've heard some people saying that the reason why they made the maps face north is because of the politics and the people willing to show the control of the world that are in the north of the world.

No , that 's not like it works. It 's not like that. The reason why the maps are organized like this is because all the magnets , the compass that gets you through the world , all of them , because of the iron and the magnetism , they all go to the positive. So , that 's why they call it the earth.

Okay? It 's only the reason. And they organize the maps according to that. If the positive part of the planet would go to the south , then the south would be the north.

Easy. So , that 's it. So , the only reason why the north is in this part of the planet is because just , because the magnetic field of the planet goes up to this north and region of the world by positive. That 's only the reason.

So , the reason also why north and south is because the planet moving in the direction is moving constantly with the fixed axis in the north. So , that 's why also those are the north and the south , which is the same reason is not a different reason. The earth is spinning because of the pressure of the core of the iron core , which is magnetic. The word of hamper , the planet is moving in its axis.

So , this way. So , the earth is not moving like constantly fixed in this axis. The earth is moving in this , like in a circle. In 23 degrees , you can find here , generally degrees , you can find these axis.

So , the world is doing like this. It 's not like this. So , for us to see it better , if you are watching my videos first of all , I want to share this so I can keep going. The earth is not flat , the earth is not whole.

That 's it. We can keep going. We have here what we call geographic axis. Geographic axis.

So , I do n't know if you see the difference , but here we have a physical axis in the north pole , in south pole , physical axis. From where it rotates , but the real axis of the planet is 23 degrees. The earth spins like this , not like this. You see the difference like this.

And the earth is moving like this in a constant cycle of 20 degrees , spinning on its own axis. So , we can see the north pole here , the physical north pole here , but it 's really located like this , and it spins this way. In 23 degrees. So , remember , as we have spoken before.

In another video , the rotation , the earth is rotating this way. So , the rotation of the planet is 24 hours , and the procession of the equinoxess is 25,000 years. Okay? And the procession of the equinoxess is because of the gravity of the sun.

So , I do n't know if you have noticed , but the earth is moving all the time. Not only spinning like this , and like this , but also spinning around the sun really fast like this. We would say now that the earth , through billions of years , has found a movement , a constant movement , a way to move constantly. Everything that we normalized , like the weather , the air , the hours , the months , the day , the night , everything that happens on earth that we kind of normalize is because the earth is moving really fast.

So , what from our point of view , we consider stability for the earth is constant movement. If there is no movement , if the earth suddenly decides to stop , so that would mean death. Everything would die. We would be like an asteroid , nothing else.

I did plant. So , the earth has found something that we call stable movement. I would try to be fast with this , and understand this. Let 's picture this.

So , the earth , we have the earth here. And we have it that in the east direction , it spins on its own axis through 24 hours. And then , in the direction to the west , it spins in 23 degrees , in a circle , in the degrees through 25,000 years to make a whole turn. Towards the east , the earth takes 24 hours to make a whole spin.

To the west , earth takes 25,000 years to make a whole spin of 23 degrees. And then we have here the sun. So , this means that the earth will take 365 days , which is 365 turns in four hours to make the whole turn around the sun. So , if we make a cross , we will find here summer , autumn , winter and spring.

The seasons , the specific days of season. Remember this symbol? So , this symbol basically is speaking about this. So , this is why we call the crucifixion of time.

Of course , that this will be opposite in each one of the sides of the world. So , spring , autumn , summer , winter , autumn , spring , winter , summer. At the same time , we will divide this as a clock. So , at the same time , we will divide this in 12 different regions.

So , these are the months. When the earth is spinning , it can see different constellations. All of them , when it is spinning. But when it is going through this elliptic , the earth is getting inside the houses of the constellations.

And some of the questions that I 've heard is , if the earth is moving so much , why we see the same sky. There is n't why we see the same sky , because we are spinning around the sun. So , this sky is the same. And also , the sun is moving , but it is moving at the same speed.

As the other suns are moving around. So , basically we see kind of the same things. We can take thousands of years until we see a movement in the sky of some sun , because it takes thousands of years for us to perceive that , because it is really slow. So , another thing , the earth , remember , is moving in the circle of 20 degrees through 25,000 years.

So , sometimes , Paris is the northern stars like now , but not always is like this. It changes , because when the planet is pointing to another direction , the northern star is another one. So , the whole sky changes , everything is different. And this is the reason why the earth is moving through what we call the alignment of the cathedral sky.

So , the earth is aligning to the movement of all the stars. But this does n't mean that the earth is not going through this same houses. So , is this here , why we call tropical , which is the houses that are always here. So , the earth is always affected by this.

The cathedral movement will be the one that shows us the sky according to the movement of the earth in this 25,000 years , going around like this. And the movement around the sun is the one that shows me the tropical astrology , which are the houses where the earth will move anyway. It does n't matter how it changes. It 's always the same.

But what I want to play with all this. The point that I want to get with all this nation is that through thousands and millions of years , all this movement is because of the study of their axis. It means that in order for stability to exist in the universe , everything has to move. What would happen if the earth stops spinning?

What would happen if the earth stops spinning? What would happen if the earth stops spinning? If there would n't be a procession of the equinox , we would never have any idea where is the north. So , we would never have any idea where to go.

What is the purpose? If we would n't have , if we would n't go around the sun , we would n't be able to have different options of ourselves. The earth from this spinning is absorbing different information from different stars constellations. Now , imagine that this one here is called I.

Imagine that this here. If this is me , I can call this mom that sister , brother , grand , grand , boyfriend , girlfriend , friend. Son , son , daughter. So , when we are spinning when our own axis , we are observing each one of them.

And we are seeing the projections of ourselves in the relationship with them. So , now I have two options. I will rely all my responsibility and my stability in their relationship with the others. Or am I going to recognize that the reason why I can relate with the others is because I am spinning on my own axis.

So , now imagine that you are the earth. And as you spin , you see the constellations , which are all the people that you know. Family friends , partners , everyone. But you also around the light around the sun.

So , you are moving through them , relating with some of them , then another one. Some friends , some partners , some families. You move. And also sometimes , I spin , like looking to the skies , and going down to look into my roots.

So , what I am doing is doing the procession of the epiloxist , doing my own process on my own self. This means that we are constant movement. That the only way you can find real stability is through the movement , through evolution. So , I have to move through the people.

If I stand only with one of them , and I attach to that person , is like the earth , that I have to attach to constellation and moving anymore. And you will die. The only reason why the earth finds stability and finds its axis is because of the movement. If there is no movement , the earth can not find the axis.

The same way , as if I stand still. And I float like the earth , like no axis at all. I wo n't have any idea how to find my axis unless I move. And I can identify it with the middle point through where all the movement are going on.

So , it is the movement. And that allows me to find stability. It is not the stationary process. Um , stability is not the ability of accomplishing to get all what you need to stay safe in one place.

The ability is the ability to be. So , let 's go to the alignment. The vibration for today is the. .

. The cement for today is ion-deternal ascension. The code for today is resonance. It comes from the vibration , from the law of vibration.

Originating in the universe sounds. Everything violates , expands , creating waves that rumble in the cosmos. And when returned on themselves , wherever like echoes , creating resonance , this means ringing again. Resonance is then the ability of knowing which ones are the echoes of my own being that came back to the cops to me through time and space.

What resonate with me is an echo of my being. What does resonate is a vibration that originated in me , which does not imply that it is alive. But it 's another ringing through truth. Sorry.

So , let 's go now to the alignment to close the week of the mind. So , both , but as always , you have to. . .

We have to go through many different informations to get to a very easy point , which is like the universe itself. And just another thing that I want to close with this mental week , according to something that I wrote. I read around , which was that , that make it into language is making too long. So , from my capricorn point of view , I will say to these people that maybe if you do n't have the time to spend the time learning this , maybe it 's because this is not what you are supposed to learn in this time.

If you do n't have the time to do so , so feel free. So , let 's go to the alignment. Sit comfortable. Close your eyes and focus in your breathing.

Close your eyes. Close your eyes. Close your eyes. Close your eyes.

Close your eyes. Take a deep breath and pay attention to the environment you are sitting in. And with the imagination , start to assign a library around you. Very huge.

With thousands of calories and books all connected to a main hall. I become aware that this library is my own Asahi Records. From which I am , it 's only librarian. And each book is a pattern , a code , an information that is connected within my subconscious.

I run out of space. I run out of space. And this is the place where I can come every time I need an answer. And with the practice , each time I will be able to access to a deeper information.

Remember that all this information within me are codes , patterns , tools that I have to bring from my subconscious to my consciousness through the answers. So every time that I come here , I can take this information to bring it to the light of the consciousness to make it a tool for me. Having access to this library helps me to understand each one of the hidden data that makes who I am and by taking it to the consciousness. I become aware of who I really am.

From the main hall , I observe all the libraries of the galleries and books around me. I observe everything from the main hall. I recognize that this is the point to where I find my access , my stability , my connecting the mind through my subconscious and conscious. I recognize that all these books that I know and the ones that I do n't know , the stairs that takes me to the office of light observing me from the top.

All of it is part of me and I should not touch it for all of it. It makes my stability. For everything is me. Take a deep breath.

And I see that my own room is where I call all this books and that is only me through the consciousness that I will be able to read all of it. To read all of them. In this library of my subconscious , it is a cell in my body. Each step in the stairs to my subconscious works to unconscious.

It is a there to write in my spine , touch chara , aligning up. And above , the office of my consciousness , the light is anchored in my brain. In the female and her focuses , slums. I am the library.

I am my own acoustic records , which I am the only librarian. And my charts , my spine , are the ones that holds my stability towards the consciousness. As I recognize this , I take a deep breath and expand through the stairs of the charts from the spine up to the consciousness and down. Below , to the subconscious , creating with my sound , the torus around the library.

In the female and her focuses , slums. In the female and her focuses , slums. In the female and her focuses , slums. I am the stairs of the ascension.

I am the stair of ascension. I am the stair of ascension. I use the stairs that I am. I am the stair of ascension.

I am the stair of ascension. I am the stair of ascension. I am the stair of ascension. I am the stair of ascension.

I am the stair of ascension. I am the stair of ascension. I am the stair of ascension. I am the stair of ascension.