Good morning , good afternoon , good evening. Hi everyone. So today the day of the swam in the emotional week of the month of the month of the今年 month of the month. I get a call , and I 'm healthy.

To never teach those moves because there are more people who don'tерг the hard. I want to teach them how to get an runs bandć from their city. Sometimes people do n't really try to make mistakes. But with that audience , they get an opportunity to play a mistake with theseUNGs.

And of course that I 've been going through inner process after or before and after I wrote the post today. So I am being like a bit. So the trunk is as for sure you all know hardest and strongest and firm part of the tree of a plant , which is the main canal through where all the nourishment of the plants. And go through like the materials that we received that diversity from the leaves goes down through the trunk and the elements that we that they receive from the ground from the roots.

They go up through the trunk so it 's like a middle point of connection and distribution. And it is the known part of having this ratings inside. So for sure we all would know that this structure of a trunk. It is kind of like this when we cut it.

Remember that. A tree also has. A marrow. A marrow in the center.

So if we cut it like this we have this part here which is here. So this marrow inside the tree is the one that is a soft part that absorbs all the minerals going up from the roots and bring down all the glucose that is produced in the leaves. So this is the main central part of connection of the tree. It 's a canal through where all the minerals , the water and all the things are absorbed going down for the leaves and the fruits and all the glucose goes down also to tourism the tree.

From inside. So this is the point of connection up and down. So for sure we. We know that.

Light means usually fall down through the trees because of this because a lightning is basically this charge of static in the. Electrical pulses in the in the environment. So because this marrow is wet. It has this connection of ions and this chain of positive and negative by water.

So the whole tree is like kind of a conductive conductive , conductive tool of them ions of environment. So this is why when there is a storm the lining usually follow this connection. So it 's easier for them to go down to the ground to make this. So inside this liquid where we where we find.

So the sap is like this resin which represents the blood of the plant. And it contains all the nutrients and minerals of a plant in order to distribute the elements along the tree. So this marrow here is very soft. So when it starts to grow and meets much more strength in order to hold the branches.

It starts to get much more harder and it gets covered by frost which is this from the outside. But but the crust still starts to expand and every year it is a little more away in which you can see the. See the age of a tree is by looking into how many layer rings it has so the pen and on the layers is the amount of years for the age of the tree. So the trunk is basically the middle point the canal.

That connects the roots on the ground with with the leaves in the branches. And of course we will see this compare to us obviously. So we have exactly the same structure as the tree and we call it. This pine.

So inside this pine we have the marrow and through the marrow we have all this roots which are the nerves. And of course going up it connects to the brain. So we would be like on the brain would be like this part of the tree with the leaves the flowers the fruits. Then we have here in the spine and all the roots towards the organs.

We do exactly the same in the tree in which through the nerves through the roots of our body we receive all the data information through the senses. And then it 's processed here in the in the brain and is given back to the trunk to the tree. So in the same way as the tree we also for light which is awareness consciousness in order to do a proper reaction. That also take us to create fruits in our lives.

If we see this comparison we have the trunk and the spine and they both does the same. They are basically the axis. So the key that we share here is the word axis. We are axis of what?

We are axis in between. Heaven and earth. Along our life a human being as any other being in reality are trying to find a straight axis between heaven and earth which in the emotional way. We call it that.

And so this means that every human or every living being has an unconscious memory of the past related to the seeking of the axis between that and mom. Which for the future and the intention is to look for the axis between heaven and earth. So let 's look into that. To get the picture.

Can you see it? Let 's analyze how this works. So first of all to understand this. We have to remember that the idea of having a mom and a dad is something that for us as mammals.

We have been keeping an hour unconscious for thousands of years because we have been evolving with the concept of having a mom and a dad. A mom from where we come from and a dad where that we have to follow. So this has been through millions of years and in our subconscious we have recorded as something normal. So this is why we call mom mother earth and the celestial father or the father of disguise.

But because the earth is the mother and the head is the father is just because a perception that we have on things as a human point of view , not the reality. So just want to clarify this for us to understand. Of course the reason why we call mother mom is the matrix the matrix is the womb of creation where everything is connected everything has this the meaning altogether that 's why the matrix is related to the origin where everything emerges from one same spot. So the earth is kind of a matrix where everything is connected all together.

And in that that which is pattern the name that about comes from father comes from pattern. So the pattern is the lines that we have to follow like the laws of the universe. So the laws of the universe are the ones that bring us to a purpose to understand that we have to move forward or what are the lines that we have to keep moving. So this is why actually we can remain matrix with the origin and the pattern with the purpose.

So important to understand that this is just a point of view from our human perspective so we can understand why we see this from the unconscious and why we see this from the conscious. So let 's go into each one of them. So the reason why I put the mother here and the father there as a destiny is because all of us besides the idea of being a seasons or our starfish we all mainly mammals we come from the mother so from. So the womb of the mother is a matrix , uterus that create us so we are the product of a matrix.

But once we are born mainly the mammals used to follow the male used to follow the that. Because for more the species the men the men know the the masculine is the one that hunts that opens the path that likes them heard to the horizon okay so that 's why. And we can do that of course that not all of the species because for example you might know that in the elephant. In the elephant families this is not like this the female is the one that that leads.

But for humans has been the male since the very beginning we just decided that the male was one night in the herd. Because of this this all vision of our species we have created idea that we come from the mother and we go towards the father. Basically that 's how we have it in our unconscious. So in this path here what we have besides the mother and the father is the structure of our life.

Every human this sign it 's like according to this structure we all come from a mother and we all are rich in the father meaning that we all has been born in a house in the womb. In the safety of of the home feeling protected in our childhood and so on and then throughout our life we have to move forward to start to hunt to work. To look for a new horizon to grow and to do it by ourselves so we are following the path of the father. But we have a problem here that it does n't matter if we have a dad or a mom or we do n't have neither of them this is in the unconscious this is a memory that we have in ourselves that every human has.

So looking for the image of the father would be this searching of doing something beyond. My reality to transform myself into something to go into another. Into another statement okay into another place. So we are kind of this because this is at least that everything can change and I have to fight and to I can not be protected anymore.

So this is why we have a lot of things to deal with because the mother is the one pulling us back because it 's a threat of what is going to happen has to take care of. So the mother is pulling us to the past in order to protect the kids for nothing to happen and that is pushing for us to move okay. This is as I said in the unconscious way of thinking besides our own mother and father and we have a foreshore with this team we have so much to work with in our unconscious so many things. And we have to work in our psychology.

So in the conscience aspect of reality we all know that we have been born in a specific place with a specific culture , religion , tradition , whatever that is our origin. So from when we realize about our origin we also decide to do something with it so to find a purpose in our life. So we come out from our origin to start to do something different , to start to do something new that is transcendental from the point where we started. And so we start to look for that purpose to create even our own purpose.

Through a new philosophy and your religion the idea of getting it enlightened something that gives us clarity that that takes us to the heavens. So basically in the conscious path what we do is to try to create our life and to this path towards a purpose with our skills looking discover now our hobbies and so on. So important thing to know a purpose is something that is in front ahead. So we in the spiritual path we have been given to the purpose of very deep and strong weight.

Like we have to say something or we have to do something greater or something like this. But the purpose is not that the purpose is something that you put in front and you aim to reach. For example a purpose for someone in life would be just to learn how to play the guitar and to make music for someone could be a purpose to learn how to or to learn. I do n't know whatever to make a business.

So do n't put a hot purpose up there like what is my purpose? No it 's just something that you aim to do. If you do n't know when the purpose of your life just create a new one just made up one and go for it. So this path of consciousness is basically to understand to be aware that we come from one place and we do everything to reach another one.

So for sure in your life when you come from one place and want to go to another you will reach that you have. You will find out that you have so many struggles so many conflicts trauma and all this problems that you can not reach it why is so difficult to reach your purpose in life. Well basically because the conscious is just the tip of the iceberg of the unconscious. So this part here of the conscious the one that you recognize from where you come from and where you want to go.

It 's just a projection of all this history that have made you and have created. Not only from your mom in this life but every mom that you have had in all your lives. And all the times that you yourself have been a mom. And all you 're that but every that you have had in your past lives and also every time that you have been that all of that history is hidden in the unconscious.

Regulating ruling the conscious. So basically. The biggest challenge that we have as humans not only for today but for every day and even after death. Is to make their unconscious into conscious.

Which basically is to recognize all this history so you can reach your purpose. This is why it does n't matter what you aim or doing your life. Anything will take you back to mom and that. So this is basically.

To access. So this is why the access. This is the access of everything. We had a past and we are coming from an origin.

This origin is related with our roots. The tree can not cut the roots. We can not eliminate mom on earth. We can not take it away because a tree would fall down.

And in the same way. We can not cut the branches and take away because otherwise we will not. We will lose stability to find light. So both of them.

Are important. So the real problem that we have here. Actually is that usually we choose one of both. And for example if I take care of just finding the father , the purpose in the skies.

So I will lose power in the roots. I will lose the lead. It starts to get weak. But if I just think about the protection of the earth of the mom of the origin.

And I am here. I will lose stability to expand and to look for the light. So this is what the tree teaches through the axis. Because even if we are trying to reach the light , which is what we normally see from a tree.

Without the water from the roots , it will never do the father synthesis. You shall honor your mom and your dad. May your kingdom come to us as in earth. So in heaven.

This is why the axis is to find the balance between the origin and the purpose within ourselves. This is not about being the perfect family with mom and dad or doing the perfect process through heaven and earth. This is just a concept that helps us to recognize that we have to become mom and dad and the concepts of this inside and heaven and earth within ourselves. When a body we receive the energy of the mother through the senses and they all go through the tomorrow.

Ping to the brain and the energy of the father gives clarity and understanding so we can answer back with our reaction. So the energy of the mother gives us all the tools in order to manifest. Through the energy of the father. So this is why when we say about the name 's mom and dad , do n't just think about your mom and dad related to the biology.

Also think about mom being here and dad being here. May tricks and pattern. So that 's what makes this. As every tree.

The vibration today is zoo. The statement today is I am vibration of matrix. The code for today is the age of such theories. This was the period where most of humans migrated to the Americas , and they were going through the South Pacific and walking through its north.

The noma civilization of earth walked developing the most rustic and ancestral tools. Between stones , making spheres. Being watched by the Anunnaki and others. Between the year 17,320 and 19,680 By.

The Atlantic and Anunnaki , where the shooting remains of the world invisible to the eyes of most humans that chased after Mammal and other animals. It 's comfortable to realize. It 's concentrating your greatness. The life and suffering of the same culture makes your life visible.

I struggle as much as I know. Bobby pleaded me with the way I was after my Filipino people. The landscape of Earth occupiers 4 years of life that God gave me on earth 's hemisphere. A better life material is clear to me.

A better life material is visible to me. Tweaking of intoxication. Physical body. I bring my attention to the feet and legs.

I use my imagination. I return them into words. I keep going deep into the ground and expanding into the earth. I observe my heat , waste , chest and back , turning into a trunk.

I 'm over by class. Growing up towards this class. From the earth. I observe my arms and hands , legs and hand , turning into branches.

My senses , the old spares can ease flowers in the fruits. I rip my eyes with the eye out the tree of life. I keep going deep into the ground. I recognize this trunk , the bed , the side of me , the mark connects heaven and earth , receiving all the information and sensations from the environment and the body towards the brain , the same clarity and consciousness as I breathe , and all those back to my body , the time promoting conscious actions , I tried to become aware now about all the unaware functions , the actions that my mother and father take upon me , what are all things that both of that gem is , on me , I can recognize all the attitudes in which my mother , objects , and the body , the ground , and father , objects to me , holding this back.

I recognize all these conscious situations , feelings that makes me lose my past , and let them to control their lives. I recognize all these conscious situations , and let them to control their lives. I recognize all these conscious situations , and let them to control their lives. Once I recognize all things , but at least , I understand all these feelings , I bring all these power from the mother and the father , towards my creative center in the soccer room , unifying the mind that positive negative , and the heart of the heart , and I recognize that I have the power to establish my own center , and my own access , in order to be able to be able to be able to be my own life.

I recognize all these feelings , and I recognize all these feelings. I recognize all these feelings , in order to be able to be my own center , and I recognize all these feelings , in order to be able to be my own center , I recognize all these feelings , I recognize all these feelings , in order to be able to be my own center , and I recognize all these feelings , I see it. I see it. I see it.

I see it. I see it. I see it. I see it.

I see it. I see it. I see it. I see it.

I see it. I see it. I see it.