Hello everybody , good morning , good afternoon , good evening to all of you from us one in the south of Egypt. So we are here today , beginning our five day trip through the Nile , with around 70 to 80 people. I would show you around the people here that they are all here , but I 'm afraid that all the studio that I have here , the set I do n't want to to disorganized it because it 's really a pro. So I do n't want to touch it.

I do n't want to touch it because maybe it 's all filled up. I 'm not really well. I overcome my humor from yesterday , but I guess this is because I 'm dragged on sleeping. So I ca n't , I do n't know what I 'm saying , what I 'm doing.

So today we went to File Island in the Temple of Isis. And then we went to the Tree of Life , which is a tree here , really powerful tree here in Asian , which one year ago was the tree that marched 2020. So I received information that we have to sew the seats of 144. So we came back to think the tree and to make tiny connection with it.

Today , when I went to the Temple in one of the tiny special spots where I used to go to speak with the people from the Temple , I asked what was the topic for today , what was the teaching for today , and one of them told me the word to fall in love. So today , to fall in love , it 's related to the places. And why the places are not the heart , because we usually say the love is related to the heart chara to the heart. But it 's not really like that , and I was my way.

It 's more related to the plexus , because the plexus is related to relationships and links with people. So we have spoken about this few months before , few months ago , that moved everyone to start saying , I love you from my pancreas. So the solar plexus is related in a physical way with the attachments that we have with others or stuff. Emotionally , it 's about the bonds that we have with people , and mentally , is about the beliefs that we project into the links with others.

So what I just said in Spanish , we do n't have it in English , this concept , but I will just explain it somehow. The word to fall in love in Latin languages and Spanish language is an amodarse , which is a conjunction of three words , and which is to be inside , a more that means without death. So eternity , and say that means is a reflexive particle language that means to oneself. So the word in Latin languages means to get inside the eternity of oneself.

That 's the translation of an amodarse. To fall in love , basically comes from fall , which is to go inside to the concept of getting inside something. And love , remember that comes from leaf that means the sexual energy actually , that 's the origin of the word this sphere , it means the sire passion. In English , it 's difficult really to explain the meaning of that , but related to the solar places to fall in love does n't speak about the connection with the world.

But it extends how a person reflects that love on oneself. So it 's your own perspective perception on what is love , basically. Let 's try to understand first the meanings of love and to fall in love , which is to be in love , which is kind of a bit different. And also I will relate with Latin languages to understand this better when I 'm trying to explain.

So remember that love means the sire in the European languages. So this sire is the basic energy usually related with the root chara , which is the main engine of energy that moves the Kundalini of the world. So love basically for the word love represents the Kundalini , the eternal energy that activates the body. And this word of eternal energy that activates the being is related in Latin languages with amor.

So we 're not going to be able to understand this without death. So amor without death. That is eternal. So from both sides , we can understand that being is looking for a energy through the concept of love.

But love is just a whole concept of what it is to be eternal. Means that myself with my personality , I get into the idea of the eternity , but from my own point of view , my own perception of what is eternity. The difference between one and the other would be that love is for anything that any thought , any emotion , action , anything that we can. Think about that connects us to the eternity and to fall in love put some limitations according to our own point of view.

So now what we should understand about this love and falling love that love actually is not an energy that is evolution. It does n't help you in evolution. Now I try to understand this to explain why. Because love is everything.

Love is the main energy of eternity. So exist in all of things. It does n't matter what happened to the things. It 's actually all the time there.

Like kind of designing the idea of what it is , the unity , the essence of the things , the main structure of all the realities. So that 's love. Love can not be measured because eternity can not be transformed because it 's constant transformation. So basically you can not evolve through love.

You can only leave in the balance and hurry through love. So what 's the difference between with fall in love? Fall in love speaks about a movement , a change of point of view. Because what before was outside now it will project within.

So it changed polarity. It changed the perception , it changed the idea of what you have perceived before from the outside. So this means that constantly is changing. So the action of falling in love is actually evolution because it goes from the outside to the inside and is moving constantly from one perception to another from one point to another.

Actually for humans , it 's really difficult to really feel love , the real love. Maybe a few times we have perceived about this energy that we call love. Most of the time , every one of us as humans , we leave falling in love constantly throughout our entire life. We are not in love with things or people , we are falling in love with things and people.

And why is this? Because we constantly project a link about with others and we expect something from the others. So we change our point of view once again falling in love from the outside to the inside. So now we can say for the people that is looking for the real love , the great love of the universe , maybe you can think that to fall in love is like an illusion.

So it 's not good. We have to do something to not experience that and get confused because it 's an illusion. But now my question would be , is n't everything an illusion? So basically falling in love is the way the tool that we have , the engine that we have to keep the illusion being in order.

So the universe basically what is doing is to use the process of falling in love as a mechanism for moving forward , for evolution , for helping us transform in a better way , constantly in existence. This means that the concept of falling in love is not something negative. The concept of falling in love is something that allows us to move forward. One of the messages that I received through these years is that we have to fall in love with nothing.

And nothing , meaning the concept that originates the everything. So the void. And from that void from this concept is the point through where we can create our own reality. So when we fall in love with that nothing is we are able to manifest new things.

So we are able to keep moving. Today I was explaining the way of how love express itself and how to fall in love express itself. So we can understand it better according to how the planets move in the solar system. But maybe the worst to understand it 's so who knows anyway.

To speak to the solar system. So we have the sun and the planets around. So the planets and the sun start are moving through gravity in the constants of time and space. So they move around and the sun is in the center.

The gravity of the sun is pulling the planets and the eclipses and orbit around. And everything is in balance in order. So that 's love. Love is basically this order , this beauty that is moving everything in a specific pattern that seems eternal.

So what is to fall in love? So we can relate to fall in love with the movement of the planets that are doing like this when they spin around the sun or star. So this movement when they go around the star , sun creates the perception of solstice and equinox because the axis of the planet is moving because of the gravity of the star of the sun. So this creates the seasons in the planet.

It transforms everything in the surface of the planet. We can say now that the sun is fixed in the center of the solar system. And we have a axis of the sun that never moves and is attracting all the planets around spinning and holding them constantly for the eternity. So this would explain love.

Love is not pulling stuff or willing to reach things. It 's just there , it 's in its own axis and does n't expect anything from anyone. But to fall in love is when these planets lose their axis. So they are out of their own center so they can reach something outside that they need for the inside.

In this constant movement we are looking for stuff outside so we can complete ourselves. And this is what allows the planet to have life , to have seasons , to have all this evolution , to have geography. Yes , the movement of all the things on the surface of the planet of the world. So what it is to be love , what it is to express love is to be like the sun.

In the center not moving anywhere , not willing to attract anything or to seek anything outside. Just shine in the center sending love to everyone not expecting anything from anyone. And the second one to fall in love would be to lose the center to go out from yourself in order to look for different ways in which the self can be expressed. And this is how we start to create the reality to evolve and transform ourselves.

So by itself love ca n't do anything , ca n't create anything is impossible because it 's already everything. So love does n't have the energy to move and to create all the wonders that we have in the reality. The only way in which love can leave all that is if it moves towards the outside finding the inside. And that 's what we call to fall in love.

So it does n't matter of what if it is a person , if it is a rock , if it is a dog , a cat , whatever you have to fall in love. If you are just love , eternal love , that would be very boring and I would leave it for after them. In the meantime practice I fall in love. Let 's go to the formation for today.

The formation for today is here. The statement for today is I am manifested essence. The code for today is Libre. And after identifying the good and the bad , that woman of the earth is positioned in the air to wait the wheat and the chat.

And to do that uses the scale. This way in the sky it was drawn among the stars , the scale that dispenser the correct parts among the just ones that worked and among those who fewer possibilities had. Libre is to deliver the good. To look for a more just law for that distribution.

And divide between all parts. This way Libre sets the just , the division and the delivery of what everybody needs. Let 's go to the alignment. Take a deep breath and softly start to carry it and massage each part of your body from your feet till your head.

Become aware of each part of it. I become aware of my feet with my legs. Generals , hips , waist , back , chest , hands , arms and shoulders. I go up through the throat , the face , undergrad.

Take a deep breath. And softly I go down with a topless knife fingers like opening the chest through the ribs. Below the ribs. I 'm going to pressure insert course on stomach.

At the height of the diaphragm. Take a deep breath and relax all the tensions of your body. Take a deep breath and in front of you in the same position as you are now seated. Observer the image of the first person that you fell in love with in your life.

And I observe how from this person many others project around all the people that you fell in love with in a circle around you. Not only those , you had a relationship with but also the family , friends , lovers , all those that you admire. Everyone surrounded you. And I see , I perceive how all their hearts project the energy and the light towards mine.

And from my heart they go down to my solar plexus. The shines. Take a deep breath. I take a deep breath , allowing myself to perceive all this love.

But I felt to perceive this lens , this feeling of being in love with each one of these pulses. I smile as I can see. It 's look at me. It 's look of those people onto me.

And the memory of every crisis that they buy remembers. And the sight , realize that all these people I was falling in love with are just a projection of my own energy trying to create and reach itself to experience. Now I decide to shine for my plexus , bright like a sun. I live in all directions and I rebound in all directions.

I see , I perceive how all those people I was falling in love with each other. I see , I perceive how all those people I was falling in love with each other. I see , I perceive how all those people I was falling in love with each other. I see , I perceive how all those people I was falling in love with each other.

I see , I perceive how all those people I was falling in love with each other. I see , I perceive how all those people I was falling in love with each other. I see , I perceive how all those people I was falling in love with each other. I see , I perceive how all those people I was falling in love with each other.

I see , I perceive how all those people I was falling in love with each other. I am the manifested essence. I am the manifested essence. I believe.

I start to bring this consciousness all through your body by creating a strong and strong , coming back here and now each one of the time. Thank you everybody for being here. I 'm always seeing tomorrow at the same time. Thank you everybody.

Thank you.