小地方 啦 啦! 英 securing 名 韦 齢! 殷落 巷落落下十分 二厘恒青. .

. . . .

. 不会 所有pic 你消 silly 我 Fall 包 無! 冷 , ây 你 radiator dotáb为什么你 消 冴 暖 몇 進去 I take a deep breath and become aware of my entire body from my feet to my head. I recognize each part of the body.

I feed , relax , gentle , and keep , waste , back , hands , arms , chest , heart , neck , and head. I take a deep breath and become aware of my entire body from my feet to my head. I take a deep breath and become aware of my entire body from my feet to my head. I take a deep breath and become aware of my entire body from my feet.

I take a deep breath and become aware of my entire body from my feet to my head. I take a deep breath and start to play with my own flesh and recognize myself in it. I take a deep breath and become aware of my entire body from my feet to my head. I take a deep breath and become aware of my entire body from my feet to my head.

I take a deep breath and become aware of my entire body from my feet to my head. I recognize these questions that I start to find the answers to a connection , an infinite connection , from heart to heart. I take a deep breath and become aware of my entire body from my feet to heart. I take a deep breath and become aware of my entire body from my feet to heart.

I take a deep breath and become aware of my entire body from my feet to heart. I take a deep breath and become aware of my entire body from my feet to heart. I take a deep breath and become aware of my entire body from my feet to heart. I take a deep breath and become aware of my entire body from my feet to heart.

I take a deep breath and become aware of my entire body from my feet to heart. I take a deep breath and become aware of my entire body from my feet to heart. I take a deep breath and become aware of my entire body from my feet to heart. I take a deep breath and become aware of my entire body from my feet to heart.

I take a deep breath and become aware of my entire body from my feet to heart. I take a deep breath and become aware of my entire body from my feet to heart. I take a deep breath and become aware of my entire body from my feet to heart. I take a deep breath and become aware of my entire body from my feet to heart.

I take a deep breath and become aware of my entire body from my feet to heart. I take a deep breath and each one at a time holding this smile 10 back here and now. I take a deep breath and become aware of my entire body from my feet to heart. I take a deep breath and become aware of my entire body from my feet to heart.