I have a warm morning , we have to noon , good evening. How are you? So let 's go into the topic for today , which is branches related to the solar plexus. So let 's see , through where I explain this.

So let 's see these from two different points of view. One from the point of view of the universe and the other one from the point of view of a human being. I hope you can see it. What we have here is that the universe from the point of view of the universe everything is a unity.

So this unity divides itself into two aspects that we will call time and space , time and space that we also can call negative and positive in the universe. So this would be the origin of duality. Then from time we can have three other branches that we call past , present and future. So from this other side from space we will have three more branches called high , wide and depth.

So this division will keep dividing into different branches and the universe until it starts to create chemical elements , start to create different natural elements. And from them start to create the nature , so galaxies and then me galaxies and billions of sons and stars , three millions of planets and inside this planet. They start to create life in all these different realms like vegetable animals until we reach the time and the most quantity which is bacteria and virus. So every time , time and time you 're going to thousands and billions of billion of just from this tree.

So from this point of view , the universe starts to create branches to divide itself into thousands and billions of aspects of existence. So everything that has spread in the universe to the limits. In the other side , they start to go backwards to the center. So each one of the atoms and particles around , they start to create molecules and chemicals and together to create virus bacteria and then cells.

And then they create living in some of these living beings has many thousands of generations. So they go from different ground feathers and ground mothers until they reach mom and dad and they create me. So pairs of two that they start to create only one. But this is not the end.

I keep going looking for the unity. So I am another branch too. So in this tree , I , everyone is keeping the process of looking for the I am for the unity again. So from the expansion of the universe.

It all comes back to be integrated again. Basically the universe expands opening into different branches expanding like the branches dividing itself creating thousands of options. And like a tree expanding the sub , I do n't know the liquid from from the plant towards the leaves and releasing the oxygen. And then it comes back water in.

So absorbs the water to go up. So basically that 's why we call the universe like the tree , the universe , it works exactly the same. So what we have here about this tree is that we call the parts of the tree with different names. Like for example , we have this here , this tree here.

In which we have the unity. So we call this the unity and then we call this ancient , ancient and space. But these two branches are part of the tree. They are not different.

We are the ones that call to this stage of the universe space and to this stage. At the time and this one space is us who give the name to those branches. But actually is the same tree. We call this tiny branches , this other three tiny branches pass present in the future.

These others we call them why depth and high. So we give the name to each part of it. In the same way we have a name. My mom has the name , my dad has a name , my grandparents and grandmothers has different names.

Basically we name each tiny little aspect of the tree with different attributes with different names. But all of them are the tree. If we can identify a leaf inside the tree , the leaf is the tree. So when we usually think about the family tree , when we think about the family tree , we used to say , for example , that this is me here.

Have mom , dad , grandmother , grandfather , grandmother , grandmother , and it keeps going on and on. And so we can relate that our life is kind of a tree. But even though three , each one of them of the individuals inside the tree has totally separate beans. Like if I am not related with any one of them.

Like if I was born and I have no relation with those with that people. And actually if we start to see this as the universe works , we are not simple individuals. We are the consequence of each branch. So we are at constant consequence of the tree.

Do you all know why there are branches in a tree? Maybe it 's a silly question , but sometimes maybe there are some people that does n't. So six , why we have branches in a tree. Remember that yesterday I spoke about photosynthesis , what is photosynthesis?

The trees , the plants are looking for the light of the sun to make it to gain energy. So we plant on the ground that is looking for that energy. So we can see as much energy as possible. The plant needs to create these leaves that are like solar plate.

So it could reach as much energy as possible. So they expand and create these huge leaves so they can receive as much light as possible. So at the beginning , in the beginning of the first trees , the plants would grow like this. They would n't have branches , neither leaves.

They were just these types of cones like this , old structure. So no shape at all. They would be like a kind of a cactus. So we 're like sparked like mushrooms and these kind of things.

So no leaves. One of these plants in order to much more light than others , start to create leaves like this solar panel that will receive much more light from the sides. So the first thing that happened basically is that with these leaves , they start to cover one another. So it 's difficult for them to gain the light.

So all of them start to do this , which for sure you know the shape. Do you see the evolution from this to this and both to this? Well , you know the shape , of course , pounds. So what the plant starts to do , because the pond starts to cover one another , because there 's a more than the plant starts to cover the entire planet.

These palms start to look for much more light. So they extend the leaves as just possible in order to reach the light. So what this trees will start to do is that they find way to get much more light when they create branches. When they multiply these long leaves , start to create the structure of the tree.

So basically , there 's the , the reason why they start to do this , because there are so many trees around that as many branches it has much more options to reach the light , not only from above , but also from the rising sun setting sun and any real thing that could through the forest , they would receive that information. That light. Okay , so that 's why it starts to spread and create the shape of what we know today as a tree. So this is why the trees start to have branches.

So the universe does exactly the same. The universe is the unity and the unity divides the unity to seed self , but this unity creates polarity. And it 's constantly , um , um , constantly , um , living the same thing. So it starts to divide itself in order to create different options.

And these different options that create kind of trap them in a polarity in duality. So , um , so what the universe starts to do is to find new options through polarity , creating a third one and a new one and a new one and new one. So it can escape from the same system to reach light and awareness of what it has become. So it starts to create branches throughout the existence to try to escape the duality so it can create a new option.

So we can see through a tree that the universe did exactly looking for the light , creating energy. And of course , through that energy that the universe received becoming aware of itself , it is able to eat fruits and these fruits , create seeds that are able to create new trees that we call parallel realities and also that the dimensions of the human nature. So the dimensions of the universe. But everything universe is only a tree.

So nothing is different from anything. There are just the first parts of only one being. So the thing is that imagine that you are here. This is you , a tiny little branch in the tree on the top of it.

And we have came , we have gone through all these processes of the tree from the seed in the ground. So basically everything that we do , where we are , is an impulse of the entire tree expanding itself. We have in our inside of us we have all the forces of the entire tree. And this means that what we look , what we are looking for in our life , which is the light of the sun , the clarity.

It 's not an decision that we do for ourselves. We are just following where the tree has decided for us. So this explains that our life is basically the impulse of the entire tree. We are not free to decide anything in our life.

Because the impulse has been already taken. So this belief that we have about being separated from and we have , and we can choose our own destiny and what we want to do besides the other ones. It 's not that easy. Because action , we are the condition of the whole tree.

The entire tree. But we do have an option. The option would be if I will grow to this side to that side , if I will grow like this , if I will grow doing like this , that 's my choice. So basically what we can choose is the direction of where do we go.

The path that we take , but where we have inside and the goal that we have and the origin that we have already exist. There are , for example , some branches and leaves that are under the other branches. So the main goal of a whole tree is to reach the light of the sun to have clarity. But there are many other parts of ourselves that are in the darkness that they are in the shape of other leaves.

So what we have to do is to go up to find the light to find the light as we can. Of course that you can leave the tree against all over from the beginning. Then there would be cutting the branch falling down to the ground and start again , throw some roots and then the first leaves. You can do it.

So what is the problem here that the forest is to be and if you fall down to the floor is really difficult to reach the light. So what we usually feel is like if we are the trunk supporting the entire weight of our history ancestors. But when we really are , it 's just a little branch being whole by all the ancestors. So to make this cut here , you can do it for example in a very bad way which is like being survival from the Holocaust for example.

That you have nothing you lose everything country origin family everyone you have nothing no friends no relationships to be related to. You have to start from there beginning and of course you can do it by awareness like many therapies to death from the whole to death from from everything you want to to be related to anything. So in that therapy in those kind of therapies or choose a path you wo n't have any relationship again with anybody of your family you wo n't have any clue of your tree of nothing so you have to start again from zero to create a new way of thinking and new relationships you have no. Lime links with anybody so it 's a very very tough process to do this.

It 's very tough but you wo n't see the light as easy as it is supposed to you have to start from the very beginning from from the ground taking creating roots again. So basically. If I get connected to the tree. We can do this we can choose where to go where to grow so that would be I can to bend the branch down going to the shades so I will get.

Try in the in the shapes of the of the past. Or I can decide to go out and expand to look for the light and use all these forces from the unconscious of the tree. As a. As a whole holding.

For my growth and expansion. By becoming conscious. So if I become aware of this if I become conscious and the weight of doing that is by recognizing the tree where I come from the shades that it has the problems of the tree. Everything to acknowledge the power that I have.

And from that. I can decide to expand and use the support of this tree from then conscience use that support all the energy to expand me and while I expand I will rise up to look for the light. And when I receive the light I will give this light to the other ones in this chains and. I feel the way for that because I am simply receiving the light by leaving my life and expanding out.

So sometimes when we when we see when we try to heal we usually think that going to the past. Something heavy that like acknowledging our history like if it 's not pushing us forward. But actually when we go to the past to see the history to understand what happened to our families to our generations. We have knowledge that the unconscious that all all this energy inside that is pushing us.

To go beyond. So is the energy from within the tree that pushes us. To look for for the light. It 's precisely the past the one that is imposing us towards the future everything that we feel.

As imposes as the sirens as. The wheel of doing something of reaching a goal all that. It 's basically the result of the forces of the tree pushing me to go. To move forward.

What we usually do when we grow in this tree is that we repeat a pattern a pattern of growth. So every branch is repeating a pattern from the previous one so that 's in which we expand. And sometimes repeating a pattern helps us to find the light. And some other times repeating a pattern makes us weak and find the light.

So we have to change the pattern but it does n't mean that we have to cut within the tree by changing the pattern. You 're finding a new way to find the light for an entire tree. So when we change a pattern in our life , a direction in our life , is not that we are breaking a pattern with the past. What we are really doing is to improve the pattern so we can reach the light for everyone.

As I understand the pattern from the past is how I understand where is the problem so we can change the pattern through the future. And as it involves and change my pattern towards the future , I am not letting everyone behind what I am doing is to improving their way to the light. We all have different names. We are different branches but we are all the same thing here.

So the same thing here we can extrapolate it to the universe not only the family. So we can understand that we are a tiny branch in the cosmos that comes from the tree of species through evolution that comes from every planet and every chemical element. Until we reach the big band. So we are a tiny branch that is deciding where to go to reach the light but then pulse has already been given by the universe.

So we are just conditioned and pushed by the universe. We have two ways of seeing this. Whether I feel myself in a tree , not being able to become what I want or I feel pushed by the tree to be what I am. So this is why when we become aware of this , we can go to the unconscious of this tree.

And when we seek inside this unconscious of my past , I can find the tools that are within the tree to help me move forward and grow and expand. This is how we can feel this sensation of the universe is holding me. The universe is helping you. It 's not because the universe is helping you.

It 's because you turn back , so the universe and honor the tree from which you are part of. The same thing happened with the family. When we look backwards and we see all the anxious tools from the family and we honor them. So we receive the support of the family to move forward.

And we stop feeling the weight from the past. And we start to feel how the past is holding us. I was given the example now. This in here , what we inherited from the family tree is not exactly , it 's not a line.

So I was telling an example with my own story. Like for example , my grandfather , he was agnostic and he did n't believe in anything , but he not only did n't believe in anything , he felt like life had no meaning , no purpose. So no sense. So when he had diabetes , he just left his , he stopped taking the vaccines and insulin and at 52 years old , he just passed away because he wanted to like a kind of smooth suicide.

But what I inherited from him , it was not that feeling. What I inherited from him was the need of looking for a new way for a new branch to bring light to that shade. So what I did was to find in my life a huge purpose , a huge meaning that beyond the other demands , lives and all the other things that I could say from other realities that brought me here to what I 'm doing. The energy that pushed me to do what we do is what my grandfather did to lose the purpose to lose the meaning.

It was the one that helped me to realize that I was in need to look for a new meaning and to give a purpose to life , basically through spirituality. So it 's not a strength where we inherit is sometimes it 's different. We have to understand it. We have to think about the unconscious because the unconscious is hiding the truth of why we do what we do.

That we can not understand it. That 's why some conscience otherwise would be the conscious. So it 's unconscious because we have no clue why it is happening. Why I am feeling like this or doing what I do.

So sometimes we from spirituality we rely on it and I do n't know , cosmic purpose and whatever spiritual realm or sometimes is in the unconscious. The tool is much closer and much easier. For example , I am doing all this just because my grandfather did n't find any purpose on life and I have that in myself. This is why I encourage you to find all of this weird things that we have in the unconscious of our family tree.

The vibration today is Zia. The statement today is I am vibration of connections. The code today is the age of Scorpio. The time of Scorpio was known as the eagle or the hawk.

Meaning the time where the gods descended to earth and had children with the women and men of the human world. The scorpion era occurred between the years 15,170 and 7,320 By and represented the biggest intervention from the Anunnaki over the human cultures on expansion around the world. Here the known Poseidon hid his children in the sea who would originate the Atlantis. Close our eyes and concentrate on the breathing.

You take your breath , come and aware , my entire physical body. And I bring my attention to my feet and let 's use my imagination to turn them into roots when deep to the ground to every direction through the earth. I recognize the trunk of this tree coming from the roots , going up to the hip and waist , dark chest. Feel it , surrounded by the past.

And I feel my arms , neck and head turn into the runs. And I feel for my five senses , the sides now , hearing , taste and touch. How they all into the leaves , flowers and fruits , these trees. I recognize myself as the tree of light , to give it breath.

I recognize that each one of these branches are one of the ancestors and the beings that has built myself through history. I recognize that all branches from this tree are supporting me. I recognize that each one of these branches is one of the best branches in the world. I recognize that each one of the branches of the tree , all my ancestors , they can perceive them as I recognize that I am all of them here now.

I recognize that every branch of the tree is one of the best branches in the world. I allow myself to see all the things that hold me to me back from this branches that does n't allow me to move forward. I recognize all the things that are pushing me to the future , from these branches of my ancestors. I open myself to perceive all this information from the unconscious that pushed me to the future , that the sign that had to bring life , that makes me be what I am.

I recognize that every branch of the tree is one of the best branches in the world. I recognize that every branch of the tree is one of the best branches in the world. I become aware that both these materials that I receive from the conscious are the tools and nourishment that allows me to run out to build what I am mentally comfortable. I recognize that I can want to build my future to the tools of my past.

I honor the entire tree of the past , the entire tree of the new world. I please and I am a star of my branch throughout all the connectedness of one. I am the vibration of the next ones , I am the vibration of the next ones. I feel , I feel , I feel , I feel , I allow this leaf to fly to the right start of my body.

I am going to make flees , bringing the branches that fly to the right. I am going to make flees , bringing the branches that fly to the right. I am going to make flees , bringing the branches that fly to the right. I am going to make flees , bringing the branches that fly to the right.

I am going to make flees , bringing the branches that fly to the right. I am going to make flees , bringing the branches that fly to the right. I am going to make flees , bringing the branches that fly to the right. I am going to make flees , bringing the branches that fly to the right.

I am going to make flees , bringing the branches that fly to the right. I am going to make flees , bringing the branches that fly to the right. I am going to make flees , bringing the branches that fly to the right. I am going to make flees , bringing the branches that fly to the right.

I am going to make flees , bringing the branches that fly to the right. I am going to make flees , bringing the branches that fly to the right. I am going to make flees , bringing the branches that fly to the right. I am going to make flees , bringing the branches that fly to the right.

I am going to make flees , bringing the branches that fly to the right. I am going to make flees , bringing the branches that fly to the right. I am going to make flees , bringing the branches that fly to the right. I take the grass , expand all the branches to the right.

I am going to make flees , bringing the branches that fly to the right. I am going to make flees , bringing the branches that fly to the right.