I have everyone morning , good afternoon , good evening. So welcome another day. Today connected to the root chara in the mental , the mind , week of Aquarium. So speaking about today the topic for today which is Phoenix.

Phoenix is a constellation that is only seen in the Southamines sphere mostly. So it is connected to the ancient constellation of the lizard. How do you say the Salamander in English? Can someone tell me?

So in such a way it is connected to the fire. It is a constellation of Salamander. Thank you. So it is the Salamander constellation two for the ancient in South America.

Of course it is connected to the fire , the element of fire. Because today is connected to the root chara. He is talking about the fire , the inner fire which is the Kundalini. So the fire of the Kundalini connected to this constellation in concept is a one that lights the fire.

So we can burn and we can transform ourselves and to grow back through the ashes. Of course that today we call it the Phoenix because the people that named the stars were explorers in the 15th and 16th century. They traced the maps of the sky when they were discovering all this lands. So that is why they use northening mythology to explain about the stars.

That is why we have seen the stars from the southern hemisphere was lost of course. So we begin the story of the Phoenix. We have to go back again to the origins of our humanity in agriculture because it is related to agriculture. As always as everything we have created in human history.

So it is related to why we eat. So the thing is that in all times and even today some countries , some places. What people used to do was to in the moment of harvest we have like this part of the plants that they did n't use. So for example you take the grain you take the fruits of the plant and then you put it.

Stable. Thank you for the word. The stable. So you put the the the stable which is all the the the rest of the plants that you are not going to use.

You put it in all together in some parts of the field and then they burn it. They put fire in it and they create like big fire. So what they do with that is to turn all that. Stable into ashes and and this ashes are taken to the fields.

So they could. Put all the minerals of the plants on the ground. So it 's it 's really good for for for for the nutrients and the minerals of of the earth of the fields. So so they can so again and they can start restart.

Like fertilizing the the ground here. So that 's why you might see people in the in all fields. Burning these stables and using it to fertilizer the earth. The land for the next sewing.

And some places this is very natural for example in Argentina. The Tampa region which is a flat land. It 's very fertile because of because of the volcanoes that are in Chile and the Patagonia of Argentina. So this volcanoes.

It brings all these ashes and flourished the lands given them fertility minerals to. For the plants to grow better. So basically in agriculture the ashes the fire is very important. So during this.

And then we 're learning the crops well , no the crops the fields the the the stable of the crops. Once they took all the the grains and the fruits they set fire to burn all that to make it into ashes. So because of the heat and the fire in the in the fields all this little. Beatles and.

And frogs they they tried to run away from the fire and heat. So this is why this dirt which is like. I do n't know what the name naga comes to you say. Like this.

Bird with a long. Back and. Usually went into this fields on fire to eat this. This animals that were trying to to escape the ground.

So. So this. This symbolism was seen like this bird was was was coming. And in the.

What 's coming in the moments of the fire and remember is the moment when. When. Everything. Used to end to restart the cycle okay.

Crane. That 's an. Oh. Yeah , it 's a hair and heron is not is not a crane is a heron.

So that bird. The the heron. Was the one. Coming into the fields and eating those little animals.

So they walked in in between the fire and they were flying in the flames. So that 's why this bird was related in the in Middle East and Africa was related with the fire and the restarting of the agriculture because once you set fire to the things it means that the cycle. End it and a new one begin. So that 's why they started to relate this bird with the end and the beginning of a new cycle.

Then this symbolism started to be taken into the spiritual world. So they started to see the heron. As a. As a bird that represented.

A bird that represented the retelling like we are when we die we turn into ashes and once we. We turn into ashes we are born again into another body. So we come back like the sun which is. Turn it into ashes in the horizon into the west and then rise and up a fire into the east.

So we started to. To put this symbol of that bird into the end of every cycle and the beginning of the next one. Okay. So this is how.

In the Mediterranean Sea Middle East Africa and Europe. This bird started to become the symbolism of the retelling of. And we did the symbolism of Phoenix the the bird because Phoenix we now the symbol of. Coming back again so everything that.

Dies and turns into ashes. It does n't mean that it ended it means that the cycle is going to start again. And all because of agriculture. So as always everything started because of the cycles of agriculture.

This is why. I think it 's really important to pay attention to the to the fields to the farms because. When you look what is happening there how the things work. Usually would be able to understand.

All the basis of our spirituality and we are thinking as a human today. So once we understood the origin of this Phoenix let 's go into. The spiritual concept of the Phoenix. So the spiritual concept of the Phoenix.

Is that. In order to be back. To renew myself. To be born again.

There the only way to restore. No to transcend what I am to become something different and new. Is if I let die. Everything that happened before.

If I allow myself to die. Because when you turn into ashes. All the shapes. All the things that you were attached to.

All the beliefs. All the. The material. The physical things.

They just disappear. All the projections that you had. Of what you were in your environment. They just disappear.

The only thing that. Remains is this park. It 's a park that. And lights again.

And turns everything again into fire. So now. This. The thing that turns into ashes is the world of shapes.

We. This. This that I have here closed my body and personality. Everything that turns into ashes.

That 's. That 's. That 's. Me.

That 's. I. That 's. That.

The was what turns into ashes. And the Park. Is the. If.

And. And easy. And that. Yes.

I said. Now it 's important to remember what I explained at the beginning. The ego , the ashes are not something that you just throw away because it 's useless. The ego is the thing that tourism the fields.

So something you can grow is the minerals , the nutrients for the fields. Without the ashes of the ego , there 's nothing you able to be born. Basically the ego is the tool of the essence that a seed grows. It flourishes itself from the outside , from the tools that are around.

And the ego starts to download information to eat information , to grow through the information around. And then all those tools that you got , they become in ashes , so the minerals and the nutrients for a new being to come. And the cycle repeats again , so it tourism once and again getting better as a plant in the fields. So this is the clue of this transformation that we usually say , I have to let it go in order to transcend myself , I have to leave all things behind.

And it 's not how it works. You can not leave anything behind , you can not abandon things or people. What we do with everything is basically to transform it into something new. So it 's not about giving away , live it behind.

That 's not what we are really doing in a good way , what we have to do is to recognize that those things must transform themselves. The mistake that we used to do is to not to attach to the shapes that they have now. But when we let them go , they 're not going away , they 're just transforming themselves to be the same thing in a new level of consciousness. The key to all this is to understand the process of the Phoenix is not to make everything that you are into ashes to give it away.

It is to just set the things free from their shapes , their forms , so you can achieve the essence. What we 're talking about getting rid of things is about to transcend the shapes of the things. So you can use the essence of the things. For example , me and myself , I have been as many of you for sure because we share the same history , biologically talking.

For sure we have many of us have lived the concept of a random of being a random. So for example , I have been abandoned by the cosmos sometimes. I have been abandoned by my dad. I have been abandoned by some friends by partners and relationships.

So this is something that we all share. This concept of being or feeling abandoned and is all the time like this. So the question would be that every time that we end up with a kind of relationship , we come back into ashes. We do this Phoenix transformation between every relationship that we have.

Sometimes what happens is that we are so attached to the expectations and the shapes of the first person of the idea that we had of how it was supposed to be and so on. We are so attached to the shapes that every time that we burn and we just burn like from the root chara like this fire of anger. Then when we start again in a new cycle , we repeat the same patterns with other people with new people and we start to leave that again. So basically because we are attached to the shapes and we are consuming the same essence once and again.

That 's why we repeat constantly. So if we attach ourselves to the shapes , to the expectations , to the shapes of the things. So in the essence , that thing will be repeated once and again. So remember that in Capricorn we have been creating the basement , the basis of a house , the structure of a house.

We keep building it , going up. We keep building it , going up , following the same pattern. This is the thing that we usually do to follow a pattern. So this structure is the one that takes us inside the house.

Yes inside the box , inside this box. And remember that we have been speaking about the box of the Clinton times , which is the projectile. So remember that if we keep going with this pattern , the projectile is constantly repeating the same pattern. So the same dimension.

So you are not not able to live this pattern. So in order to change the constant repetition of the box , what we have to do is to go away a little bit from the structure of Capricorn into the abstraction of Aquarium. So we could open the box into other dimensions and transform ourselves from the essence. So basically abstraction comes from the word , that means to go out and track that means to bring or to take.

So to take something outside the limits , which is to go outside the box. So now important. Remember , we have been one month taking care of this structure. So now do n't think that this means to break the box and take.

The structure out. Abstraction means to get out of the box and to think out of the box , not to break the box. The structure is perfect or good. Jump break it.

So maybe what we can do is to just build a little bit more abstract and to build in a different way. And maybe to follow another kind of patterns. So maybe start to find another kind of limits. So it 's to start to think about different structures and to open yourself to other possibilities.

So now let 's follow this example. Imagine that this one here is the column of a religion. This one here is a column of family and this one here is a column of. Culture.

So for example , these three columns here , they start to burn and become ashes , but if I have the same pattern of beliefs , I will be building exactly the same. So imagine that the religion , stop being religion and in terms into spirituality is the same. The family is not more for the blood , but now it 's a cosmic family. And now here instead of government , for example , we have free culture , whatever.

So basically it 's the same pattern , the same thing. So usually where we are doing constantly to create the same in different shapes by the same essence all the time constantly. So for example , if I have here the pattern of family in order to really transcend from ashes into the essence and to change the shapes of the things. For example , I stopped seeing the universe as mom and dad , mom the son , mom the earth and the father in heaven.

We stopped seeing like that and we start to think about , I do n't know , problems and nutrients and that. That for example , ourselves. We are just cells in the body. So we stop building the structure of the cosmic family.

You change completely the idea of your belief. So basically it 's to change your point of view and to do it in a different way. Think out of the box. Basically the queries energy is telling us to abstract ourselves from the structure.

Which means to understand that you have a structure and that you can go out of the structure if you want. So the task would be how can I abstract from my own structure. And when I abstract from my structure , which is the ego , the ego is the structure of this being. So the ego becomes ashes to tourism this other one.

So. Is that okay? So let 's do something to break the structure. Okay?

Thank you everybody for being here as always. And see you tomorrow at the same time. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you.