I have been wanting good morning , good afternoon , good evening. Welcome to all of you to our day of the solar plexus within the physical week in the month of cancer. I 'm not sure , but I 'm not sure. I 'm not sure.

I have a lot of things to say today , I guess , but I hope I do n't speak much. And if anyone is worried about this , so yes , I burn myself. So , that 's it. Do n't worry.

So , first of all , I would like to thank because it 's been one hour since one hour before. I 've been in another meeting with the people of , I do n't know how to say English. I do n't know what 's in him in English since we did. And they invited me to share about the path that I 'm taking because our informations are mixed much more with information related to the cosmic , the other planets , but they are task matches with mine.

So , we 've been sharing and it 's been great. So , I have to thank them to be connected with us and some of them have been arguing to join us , back with me. So , the topic today is the minerals , talking about the mineral consciousness. So , in order to understand the mineral and the mineral kingdom and its consciousness , of course , the first thing that we have to talk about is about the biggest mineral , the biggest crystal that exists class which is the planet Earth.

So , let 's go into this. So , those who believe that the Earth is flat , so I 'm so sorry. Keep moving along. So , we all for sure know this , which is the Earth Coding Health.

So , what can we know about this Earth Coding Health? That this part here called the crust. This , this , have you say this in English? That 's at it before.

Until that the name , mantle , okay. The mantle. And here we have the core. So , with an inner core.

Of course , that the mantle has different stages according to the proximity to the core. The inner core of the planet is basically iron. And it 's so , it 's under so much pressure that it is as heat as the surface of the sun , really hot. So , iron is a metal.

And that brings the electricity , brings the electricity , they 're sorry , the electrons from one spot to another really fast. So , they have a lot of conductivity. So , this is why if we touch some metal , some iron. And we touch it and it 's connected to some , I do n't know , electricity or something like that.

It can kill us because it 's very fast conductive. So , the iron here in the core of Earth is not solid metal , liquid because it 's under a lot of pressure and heat. So , what happened? Because it 's liquid , the current is dispersed.

So , it 's not strong as matter. So , as solid. So , that makes that the electrons organize in a different way. In something that we call electromagnetic.

So , it creates magnet. So , in the core of Earth , the core of Earth is in this liquid metals. So , it moves , it 's spin. So , with as it spins , it starts to create a magnetic field because all the electrons heat in each other in this movement.

So , in this constant spin , what happens is that all the negative ions and the positive , they go one to one side , the other to the other side. So , this movement , the electrons positive and the other particles negative and positive , they create polarity. And by this movement of polarity is how the Earth has this magnetism on a pole , north and south pole. So , everyone knows how a magnet works.

So , how it is , all the ions of the negative , the negative , like the electrons , will try to reach the positive , the protons. And the positive will try to reach the negative. So , they are tracked to each other. The Earth works exactly as a magnet.

Well , you can do it at home with two magnets. When you have positive and negative , they are tracked to each other. But inside , these forces , positive , positive , negative , negative , they are trying to occupy the same space. And they are trying to attract each other.

But they have an inner core that does n't allow that. So , what happens is exactly , as when you test with an ion with a home , that you put two magnets , negative , a negative positive and positive. And whatever you put in the center , if it is a metal , it starts to spin. So , the same thing that you do with two magnets in your home , you can check it on the planet with the Earth spinning , because of this magnetism.

So , we have here an inner core. So , we have here this inner core , positive and the positive , negative and the negative. So , positive and positive will repel to one another , and negative , negative will repel. That 's what makes the core of the planet spin , because of this , it 's like an engine.

But this negative and positive will attract to each other. And that 's why we have this electromagnetic field around attracting both forces. This magnetic field not only is holding the core of the planet , but protecting the planet from outer radiation. So , for example , the radiation of the sun , it comes and it goes to the magnetic field.

And they are these charts to the north pole , so they do n't get into the cross of the planet. So , they are these charts there , protecting itself. And all of these charts in the north and south pole is what we call the northern lights or Aurora 's. The context of Aurora.

So , now we have the context. When the sun exploded and created the planets , what happened is that the magnetism of this iron started to attract all the different chemicals that are conductive. So , all the chemicals that conduct electricity energy , it created on my magnetic field. So , as this magnetic field started to be bigger and bigger , more and more elements started to come to the earth.

And they started to fusion with the gravity of the core , melting all these chemical elements , making new ones. And the result of those melting chemicals are what we call the minerals. All these chemical elements that goes to the core of the planet , they start to melt because of the heat. And why is there heat?

Because the magnetism that attracts everything from the outside , that magnetism is so much that every chemical element can not hold its structure. It 's molecular structure. So , they start to move and spin faster because of the magnetism that takes all the electrons away and remember the electrons when they move fast. That 's what we call heat.

So , there is so much magnetism all together that it creates so much heat that it melts all the chemicals. But as farther we go from the core , from the gravity , we touch the cold space. So , that makes that the electrons starts to get lower and soft , slower and creates what we call the crust , where we can find all the minerals and crystals of earth. So , in this part of the planet , the crust is where we can find all the minerals structure of earth.

So , as deeper the minerals are , the stronger they get because the pressure. So , the pressure makes that every , every , every , the minerals get so , so hard that for , for example , we can find diamonds very deep because diamonds are basically very strong structure. So , usually this heavy structure of minerals are fixed structures that can not be moved. And one of the main structures that can not move is the tetrahedron.

So , most of the minerals has a basis of a tetrahedral shape for the molecules , okay. That makes the main structure. So , the chemicals that organize in this way in a lot of quantity is the silicium , silicium , which is the 30 % of all the minerals on the crust of the earth. And when it mix by pressure with others , with other minerals , it creates silicate.

And the silicate is the 75 % of the entire minerals in the crust of the planet. So , all the squads , every mineral , everything is basically family from the silicate. So , what is the specific things of silicate , silicate , sorry , that it 's a semi-acto of electricity. This means that it can conduct electricity , but also can do research energy.

It is not only something that transfer information , transfer electricity , but also forage energy. So , all of us , for sure , know the silicium , because silicium is the base silicate silicate , is the base for all our technology. The uterus , phones , robots , anything that is done with technology , it has silicate. And this is because they conduct electricity , but you can feel how much you can control.

So , I see someone saying here , like silicium valley. Silicon valley is the place , maybe there are a lot of silica , but basically , his place where technology is built for everyone. So , besides silica , we also have other elements in the crust , like for example , magnesium , calcium , sodium , phosphorus , iron , and many others , many others. All of them here are minerals , but they are not as conductive as we can use the silica.

From all these minerals , when you take the most pure of them in the silica , in the silicate , you can create crystals. So , crystals are basically the construction of a pure aspect of a mineral. So , minerals are connection combinations of chemicals and crystals are like the press mineral in a structure. 400 million years ago , when the first creatures starts to appear in the oceans , the first cells start appearing in the ocean , what they do , what they have done.

They just took all these minerals themselves , the meat , and wrapped them all inside a cell. What is inside a living being , just minerals , that were the salt in chemical elements , and combined each one of them to be organic , before they were organic and now they became organic. So , the basis of life is actually mineral. So , what life is doing here?

Life , what it does , it needs movement energy. So , every chemical element has a charge , a conductivity of energy , an electrical energy , that moves electrons and that pushes , that makes pulses , that moves the structure. So , when a cell is doing is using each one of the chemical elements to make specific moves , pulses to make specific actions. So , it will take magnesium for a specific action.

You will take calcium for a specific pulse of electrons in order to move for something. And so on , it uses everything for conductivity. Life is using the minerals in order to push electrical pulses to make an action. So , it is the basis of life , energy.

So , is the conductivity in each one of these elements that helps the cell to accomplish every action? Is because of the minerals that electricity is moving through our body , and is controlled by the combination of one of them , making it organic. So , they become organic transmitting in for me movement. And this is why life is movement.

So , basically the conductivity of electrons of electricity will each one of the chemical elements with the cell are the ones that promote the movement that we translate as soul. So , in the same way as we understand how the cellychronica helps the pulses and the communication , the rocks , the minerals in the , sorry , in the computers. So , we can send information and create a separate in a computer. The same way the cellychronica and these minerals are , sending the conductivity of information within our bodies that allows us to move to think , to do everything that we do.

So , here we go to compare both realities. Okay. Also. So , here we have human and earth.

In each part , in each , it 's easier for us to understand that earth has different minerals. So , we can find different minerals along the entire planet. There are places where you can find much more minerals and crystals because of the pressure of the tectonic plates. So , we can find here different plateaus that are sitting once or another.

For example , here we have the plateaus that divides Africa from east and west. We have this plateaus here of Anatolia and Russia that are many tiny. Then we have a total of India , other type , Ural , Scandinavia , Romania , Italy. So , we have different , different tectonic plates.

And we can find much more crystals in the airholes in them. So , there are so many crystals in these tectonic plates that all of them are like a great chain of magnetism of electricity because they are all conductive. So , it is like a long cable that moves energy. So , the interesting thing about how these energies flow in and moving is according to the North Pole , because remember all the electricity is moved by magnetic field.

So , the biggest magnetic field on earth is iron. So , all the iron in the planet , it can organize its ions according to the North Pole. And that is why you can use a compass to find out where is the North Pole. Iron behaves as one only being.

So , it does n't matter where it is , it will be organized according to the magnetic field of earth. And positive and negative. So , that is why you can find figure out where is the North. The iron is a conductive.

It moves all the energy to the North , constantly. But silicate is semi-conductive , which means that all this energy that moves along , it keeps something. It storage things. So , along all the chains of mountains in the planet , the silica administrated information.

So , everything that happens in the magnetic field of the planet is being storage in this silicate. The quartz , amateurs , date , and all. So , this means that all minerals work as a conductive and transmitters of information , but also as a storage in so memory. So , how do we work?

We work exactly this. We also have North , South , and a magnetic field. So , all these minerals in our body , calcium , sodium , magnesium , silica , all of it. It are the parts that constitute the electricity of our body that moves along our information all through our bodies.

For example , if we do n't have a good amount of silica and potassium , we do n't have proper communication and conductivity in our body. So , we do n't have a good , we lose stability of memory. We lose the connectivity in our neurons. So , we stop having a good process now about it because we are just with the lack of those minerals that are conducted.

This is why , like the earth , our body needs from minerals in order to communicate , to have memory , to think , for the cells to know what to do and communicate to one another. We can take from here. The concept that we can take the crystals , minerals from the earth , quartz , I do n't know , Jade , Emerald , Obsidian , any crystals. And we can use them to help us move the energy along.

Okay , so crystal therapy. Geotherapy and all these kind of things , but also we have to acknowledge , which , if we have all the minerals with us , if we are taking the basic minerals that we need. So , that. So , we have to know acknowledge which kind of minerals we need in our body to have a better communication , a better movement of data.

Also , as we can find here these minerals to help us have memory and connectivity , in the planet , we can also , the places where we find a lot of minerals like some mines and mountains , some special places where you can find a lot of minerals of some kind. And you will know that in those places , there is a very important place of energy and a storage of information. If we find all these different places , we can understand that those are the memory of the planet and storage information from the magnetic field. We can understand here that the data of the planet is storage in the crystals , the minerals because of the magnetic field.

And the magnetic field is moving along , so it grabs all the information from the entire planet. And this magnetic field is not only connected to the Earth , it is connected to a and around , so the magnetic field of the sun and the magnetic field of the galaxy. Anyone from the outer space , any alien intelligence that is willing to communicate with our planet will send information from the magnetic fields through electrons that will be storage in megallets , monoxide , stone circles , quartz and all these crystals where they can storage information. In the same way as we communicate with Phones , to talk to one another with Silica , from other dimensions and from other worlds , they can also communicate through Silica.

Now let 's go to the problem here. What is the problem? That all this information in the minerals is getting storage according to the magnetic field. But if the magnetic field is moving along , so that means that the discharge of that data of that information will be downloaded in different places in different minerals.

Something that I have been seen since last year and before , the magnetic north-north pole is changing. This changing really fast towards Russia. It 's been in Canada for a long time and the information it 's been there and the physical field has been working properly. But now it 's moving so fast that has crossed the entire Arctic Ocean in third period of time , which is this two years.

So in the past two years , 2020 , 2021 , and it continues , it 's moving along towards Russia. Which means that the entire magnetic field is downloaded information in different places. We have lost the north , we forgot. We are forgetting.

Not memory. So if the magnetic north pole is changing the direction , this means that our north pole is also changing the direction. So we are losing the sense of where are we moving the energy , heading the energy. So this movement also is something interesting because this means that alien beings that we 're able to connect with the earth when the north pole was here are not able to communicate with us anymore.

As for other new species , we 'll be easier to communicate with us now that the north pole is changing. So what do we have to do to work with information that is settled on the earth so we can start to move it so they can adjust to the new places where it 's going to be. This is what we are going to do in our path of dragon. The path of the dragon is basically to go through the Kundalini of the planet from north to south.

In order to move the stock energy from the centers that has been working with the previous north pole. So it works like an engine moving the energy along so it can spin around to find the new axis of the north. So if earth is doing this we have of course to also same. So that 's why we have been doing this whole year.

This whole year we have been aligning every day with the AM so we can be connected to the new north pole. So we can but be balanced according to the new information coming to the planet. And that 's to have. Mineral consciousness.

So acknowledge that without minerals we would n't be able to have memory to think to be human. And of course the great mineral of all that connects all of them and mix all of them in order to allow the conductivity is water. That 's why all these elements have been able to create the cells and to remote this conductivity in the oceans. Okay , mineral consciousness.

Let 's go to alignment. The vibration today is clear. The statement today is AM the root of the beam. The code today is the node of Galapagos which are the AM in Ecuador related to the constellation of Gemini.

Sit comfortable , close your eyes and concentrate in your breathing. And take a deep breath and at every I 've become aware of each part of my body. For my feet to my head , I become aware of each chemical element. It 's mineral that with water makes possible for me to exist as a human.

I recognize me. My knees seem to be false first. So do you. See you soon.

I can recognize the iron flowing from my blood. And I become aware that all this iron within me in every organ muscle and bone of my body. Be aligned like an magnet to the north pole of the plant. My entire blood is following the ground of the planetary magnetic north pole.

That 's why day by day I see for my own. I can relate the my neurons are thinking dreaming feeling because of the minerals that push the electrons throughout all the network of my body. This is because of these minerals that are in me. And these minerals are also the planet you ca n't remote every leg , the deserts.

So as I think the earth thinks I am a conjunction with minerals that can think in an organic body in the same way as the earth. And think with its conjunction of minerals in an organic body. I become aware that I am a fraction of the entire planet. And that I also connect to the memory , the knowledge of the world.

By relating myself with the minerals that you have within with the minerals along the planet. Connecting with the same north pole. I am allowed to feel to perceive where all these minerals heading to. So I can perceive within me where is my north.

By a mass acknowledge that this north pole is not somewhere out where I have to go. The north is just the positive part of inner or magnetism. The north only exists because there is a south. The south and the east is a positive and negative expressions of the core.

A core that I can find in my solar plexus. All the magnetism aligns every mineral of my body with a north that is the consciousness of my beam and the core in this world. And my north. And connecting myself with the north of the earth , I guess.

I am to earth. I am to earth. I am to earth. I am to earth.

I am to earth. I am to earth. I am to earth. I am to earth.

I am to earth. I am to earth. I am the root of the beam. I am the root of the beam.

I am the root of the beam. And thanks to all the minerals and crystals in me. I feel. I am to earth.

I am to earth. I am to earth. I am to earth. I am to earth.

I am to earth. I am to earth. I am to earth. I am to earth.

I am to earth. I am to earth. I am to earth. I am to earth.

Thank you everybody for being here. Thank you.