Hi everyone , good morning , afternoon , good evening. Do you hear me well? I 've been seeing here that there is people writing another languages , not Spanish , not English , so I do n't know what is your main language , but thank you for listening in a language that is not yours , for making the effort. So also thank you for all the people that are ready to grow.

And therefore to be every day , even if you are ahead in time. So today we have waiting , so I 'm again in a different place. I do n't hear listening , but I guess I am listening to music , so I do n't know if you can hear it. I hope you do n't.

So the top for today is arrogance. And arrogance is related to the throw chara , which we are working today , because this chara is connected to the process of learning , to assimilate the information of the qualities that we have all that. The topic for today related to arrogance and pride in our society today , we think about these two concepts in a very negative way. And of course , because we have , with that point of view , but this is why in order to understand the real concept behind this , we have to go back to the origin of the words to know why they have become what we perceive today of those concepts.

This is why we are looking in this week , in this topic that we usually think totally opposite , because those are the things that we need to change our perspective from. The reason why we use this concept in a negative way is because we inherit information from the society , from the culture. And we live in a society that everything that we do was designed by the monotestic cultures that were all around the planet by the globalization , by the colonialism. So these main cultures , they were spreading around the world.

And we all have this basis of these traditions , these cultures that shaped our way of thinking. And this means that every thought , every idea , every tradition , every way of thinking , everything that we are now is basically , I have a heritage that we received from our ancestors. And this means that we , the society , live by the unconscious , because unconscious , remember , is to be pushed by others to do something that the rest does. And the conscience is to do what you have within.

So we do n't usually do what we have within , we do what the society does to do. So this means that in our life we do n't do , or we are not , we are supposed to be by ourselves. But we do , we act , we are what the society taught us to do and to perceive. So we do n't , our own way of understanding the good and the bad , because we inherit that from society that told us what is good and what is bad.

So it 's important to understand that when we start the path to consciousness , we can never think that society is conscious. In order to become conscience , you have to go back to this. And the reason why it 's this is because society is the conjunction of individuals. So this means that our individuals that are pushing constantly , the society.

So society is always in the unconscious , because it 's always moved by individuals. So if we are willing to become conscious , we will always have to go back to this self , to go within , to find the truth within. And that would mean to resigning many of the concepts that we have learned from the society. So when I go back to myself , I change my perception of those concepts that I inherit from society.

And from there , I can give my new consciousness to this society. So this is why in all this year , where we are trying to do , is to go and to go within and to take all the pre concepts that we took from the society. And transform them inside to create our own concepts. And we can share it again with the society , because we have to remember the society does n't have consciousness by itself , because society is a conjunction of individuals.

So it 's our individuals who must become conscience to share that with the society. This is why when we start the path of consciousness , we can not work with the society. This is why when we start the path of consciousness , suddenly we begin a path of an individualistic path. We have to go back to the one , to the I am.

Everything related with the self , with only one. And that 's why we have to work with the ego in the consciousness. And when we start to work with the ego , we work ourselves , then we become aware , we become conscience , and we can share that consciousness. So the reason why society can not be conscious is basically because society is a conjunction of individuals.

And why we have a society , why society has been created? As society has been created in order to make individuals have a safety of concepts. As society is made up with three concepts , and the individual with awareness can only have concepts. What is this?

That as a society need for some people to create concepts already established. So they do n't have to think constantly and they can act by laws , they can act by normative. So they do n't have to think a lot. So society is good because it helps to move forward and you do n't have to think constantly everything.

That 's the society. It 's a structure of three concepts. Okay , that 's it. So that 's why it can not be consciousness.

It can not have consciousness by itself. What it can really do is to make individuals inside society conscious. So an individual by awareness , by consciousness , can have concepts. And concepts will change constantly according to the development of that being of that individual.

So the conscious of the individual will change in can be used for the society. Okay , so an aware being can help society by being aware. Okay , but this is why we have this clich saying if you want to change the world , you have to start by yourself. That 's very clich when you say that , but it 's the only way.

It 's the only way because society can not change its consciousness. It 's impossible because society is made up with three concepts. This is why we have to , what we are doing and where we have to do is to rethink and take the pre-concepts of the society to transform them to make them new concepts. And when we take those concepts , we can put them again in the society.

And the society will make of them a new pre-concept. But as many conscious individuals as the society , those pre-concepts will change constantly. They will not start , so they will change constantly adapting. And that 's a evolving society.

So I have knowledge in this , I have knowledge in this. We will work in the pre-concepts of pride and arrogance. So first of all , let 's remember the meaning of arrogance. Arrogance comes from the Latin word at Roger.

That means to be owner , that means to own something. Okay? So when you say , for example , the origin in the European language is reggae. Reg means to own something.

So this is for example the origin of the word register. The registry. The word regina , which is queen. All the words related to the king , those words are related to own something.

So basically the origin of the word registrar , the word arrogance is to say this is mine without hesitated. You become the regent , you say it like that. You become the regulator also , the one that rules. So you say this is my truth , this is mine.

So when the arrogance becomes something that , when you say this is my truth , then you say if this is my truth , so all the rest are lying. So all of them are making that 's not real. This is the only truth and it 's mine. Now take this image.

Remember that we have spoken about the circle and the dot in the previous videos. So arrogance. Would be to acknowledge that the center is very important because the center is the truth. Without the center there is nothing.

There is no origin , there is no end. There 's no access. There 's no truth. This is my point.

The center , my heart , the core of everything. That 's arrogance. Because you say this is my position. If I am not in this position , there 's nothing around.

And this circle is many other dots around. A lot of them. So without this circle , how can the point in the center knows? No , that it is the center.

Without circle , there 's no center. The dot would never know where is the center? You know what I mean? So this would mean that without the center , the circle can not know where is the center.

And without the circle , the center can not know where is the core. Okay. So here 's where we understand the importance of arrogance. Arrogance is this is my point.

This is where I belong. This is my point of reference. Without a point of reference , you do n't know where you are. Arrogance will help me to know where I am.

But also arrogance will help me. It will be useful if I recognize the arrogance of the others. The arrogance of the others would be where they belong. What is their position in everything?

Okay. What is their own position in whole? So when I accept the position of the other ones , I recognize where each one of us belong. But if I do n't recognize the position of the others , and I only recognize mine as true.

So I erase the other positions. I lost my position too , because now I do n't know where is my center. Let 's go to this. Let 's go to this.

All sense of that , a lot of people are using from the middle ages. This sense that you may have made her to put yourself in the place of others. To put yourself in the shoes of others , you may say to to put my life at service of others. Hmm.

Okay , this sentence where they made us is to lose our own place. And to invade the place of others. To make others to lose their power and you lose your power too. What we should really do is to set ourselves in our own position , because when I occupy my own position , my personal position , you allow the other one to put in own position so you empower the other to occupy the place where they belong.

In history , we have been taught that that is precisely against where we are supposed to do. To put in our own position , not to go in the position of the other , it 's basically to deny the other , but no. Because when you put yourself in your position , you allow the other to put themselves in their own position , so you are given the power to the other one. And by that , you are helping the other , taking its power.

And when you do that , now the center and the circle can work together to create , to do to manifest. We have been taught that to go in the position of the other , we call that , or that is , compassion , our empathy , but it 's not that. Compression empathy is different thing , and we will talk about that in other moments. Now we focus in this arrogance and pride.

So the positive aspect of arrogance. Positive aspect of arrogance is supposed to put yourself in the place where you belong. Yeah , what you belong. Or that belongs to you.

So the negative aspect of arrogance is to think that your position is the most important one. That the position of the others does not matter. So , positive aspect of arrogance will be to put yourself in the place where you belong and respect the place where others belong to work together by being where you belong. The negative aspect of the arrogance will be to believe that your position is the most important and the rest does not matter , and if you can erase it better , that would be the wrong way.

So important thing , we are not here talking about antagonists and timeless , okay? An antagonist , you say , the opposite meaning of the word , okay? To say , if arrogance is bad , so the antagonist would be humility , humility , humility , you say? Okay , so we are not talking about that specifically.

We are talking to signify the preconceptor we have of arrogance , only arrogance , not about antagonists. The reason why I 'm not talking about antagonists , like arrogance and the antagonist of it , would be humility , how do you say? Humility. Humility.

Humble. Humble. Well , that 's easy. So we 're not talking about the antagonist , why?

Because of this , because why? Because we are in this society , in this new time , trying to go a lot of people saying we want to go out of the duality. But when they try to go out of duality , usually they look for the polarity of the aspects to heal the bad thing. And that 's duality.

So you are not going to heal your arrogance with humility. No , you never going to heal arrogance with humility. Never. The other way , the only way you can really heal arrogance is by dismissing , or signify the concept of arrogance.

Okay. So humility , I will talk about humility in another moment , because it 's pretty with another thing. So now the concept of pride , pride comes from the idea of be capable of something , be capable of something , be good on something. So to be proud , to be pride , proud , sorry , to be proud , is to basically acknowledge that you are original and that you have the possibility to do something different from others that you are unique.

And now we go to the religion to understand why pride is so bad for our cultures. Because for religion , religion works exactly like the communism. Even if communism hates religion and do n't want anything about religion , communism and religion basically are the same in system. Because for religion , we are all equals.

We are all equals under the eyes of God. So I do n't know if you remember the history , but the one that wanted to be different and told to God , I want to be different and to do something different was Lucifer. Lucifer was the one saying , I do n't want to do this. I want to do something different and to be original.

So this is why religion says that everyone that wants to be different or everyone that wants to be unique is bad because it comes from the devil. The devil wants to be unique. So this bad , okay , this is why the whole culture in religion created this idea that to be unique to be proud of what you are , of what you know is bad. But now we go a little bit farther in time.

Because the devil , Lucifer , was not the origin of all this. It was from our life as mammals. Why? Because we as mammals , we are afraid of change because we look for to live comfortable.

We look to feel safe. So changed is dangerous for mammals. We do n't want to change. We want to be on the control.

So this is why as mammals we created the idea of something that theabolic that pushes towards change. So we created the idea of evil , of evil as change. So it 's not that the Lucifer and the religion made us this concept. No.

The concept is very natural and we can get the religion to explain that nature. So this is why when we talk about changes for many of the cultures , not only the religious culture , every culture , they would say , oh , this is something evil , okay , that someone says , I have something to change. I recognize the power that I have within to do something different. Everyone would see , oh , that 's the devil , that 's the devil.

To be proud of something that is different. So basically , proud , pride to be proud , pride is to say , yes , I am different. I 'm unique and I honor be this. I honor be unique.

I want to be unique. I have this capacity , this ability that are different from other ones. And that 's good. So what is the negative aspect of pride?

When you think that what you have is better than the rest. And did you say the rest is just nothing compared to what I have? Hmm? That 's what would be the negative aspect of pride.

So let 's , um , resigning what pride means , because for so long , for so many years , thousands of years , we have been taught about the concept of pride and arrogance from the point of view of communism , which is the community created by fear to change. And the problem that we have today is that we went to the other extreme of this , which is the capitalism and success that says that only way you can reach success is by pride and arrogance. So the middle point is the one that we have to look for in the consciousness. And that middle point , basically , is that arrogance is to position the self-weight belongs and pride is to honor what we have and what we are.

So let 's go to the lineman. The vibration for today is V. The code for today is the seventh dimension. Being a master and becoming a creator makes us on conditional loving beings that exist in co-creation. The seventh dimension is the projected instance of true enlightenment , where the potential of the universe lies where the beings sees itself with the ability of being the cosmos and transforming everything in balance.

The statement for today is I am , I am the transportation of realities. Just I saw a question here. How do I know where I belong? I 'm not speaking of place.

I 'm not speaking about where you belong as a spot in the world. I 'm talking about this is the spot inside within you. It 's the self. Sit comfortable.

We begin to move our shoulders and circles. I relax , let in all the weight fall down and pay attention only in my breathing. I become aware of the light around me. How touches my body and goes inside my body.

I take a moment to picture all the people that I know. The closest ones , the farther ones , all the round in different distances. The good ones , the bad ones. I perceive all of them surrounded by this light that comes from me.

All of them equally illuminated. So you can be breath and perceive each one of these persons , becoming waves in a big ocean around me. And those waves reflect the light that comes from within me. I recognize that I am the center of all of them.

This is my place. Take a deep breath and dive within the ocean. I 'm going deep to the darkness of the bottom of the ocean. Observing the light and clarity disappear above.

I see you feel your bodies surrounded by the shadows and the pressure of the ocean 's water. I descend to the subconscious abyss. I set my intention that within my mind and all its layers of consciousness , I ca n't perceive and watch all my moments of bright and arrogance. I set the intention I desire to find my place and to honor my special and unique skills.

I stand unifying this awareness in me. I am the transplantation of realities. I am the transplantation of realities. I recognize here and now this is my place.

This is where I belong. This is what I am and I honor the originality of what I am. I am the transplantation of realities. I am the transplantation of realities.

I am the transplantation of realities. I am the transplantation of realities. I am the transplantation of realities. In the name of an entity here present.

I share with you an advice to taking contact. He says that throughout all our history there are some entities that all the jobs that they do is to try to make us lose our center. They are not doing that because they are that because they are trying to prove how strong we are. In the same way that in which we sometimes prove or test the abilities of our bodies climbing the mountain.

For them we are like their legs and their hands. So by putting ourselves in test they create these conflicts and problems so they could know if we can adapt. He said that in the world each that there is a system of 12 that each person has other 12 people around the world that represent the balance to find the third. The law of 12 says that if you can find the concepts of these 12 people so you will find it you will find the access much faster.

He says that in between 6 to 9 months there will be a moment where many people many of us would be put on an exam test to see if we are in balance or not. He recommends for us to use this 6 to 9 months to find the concept of these 12 people. It is not about to find and have physical those people but yes to find the concepts that they represent for you. And this 12 are related to the 12 organic systems of our body.

Good fun he says. Take a deep breath and begin to bring all these consciousness through each part of the body carries and stretching and softly I come back here and now hopefully in my eyes. I did n't want to to channel today because he was like like having a very kid five years old kid running and like with a tension on deficit and and hyper activity so so too much and I do n't want that energy inside. So to make it more clear I will write it down I will make a post with this in Instagram and Facebook okay so remember that Instagram will be yousoit.

com just so you dot red and also in Facebook and my own Facebook with my name. I would put it there. So as always thank you for being there and see you tomorrow at the same time as always and and and oh and pay attention to to your dreams regarding to arrogance and pride. See tomorrow.