So , we 're morning , we 're afternoon , good evening. So , I know that everything that I am writing , they have a lot of data and information , so do n't be an rush to get it all to understand all of it. Because we are not on a race , we are not here , running to get anywhere. So , another thing , which I guess is important to say , is that remember that everything that I 'm writing are most of them analogies.

So , do n't take everything as literal , all the information that I wrote there is just like a pedagogy way of writing , so you could get the point , not the literal meaning. So , that would be important also to understand. And I say this because it 's important , is important to , for you also to discern and to find your answers. So , also remember that the reason why writing and also the channelings , they speak in codes and they speak with parable , they speak with , they speak with right with analogies and prose and poetry , is because there is no one answer , there is no one truth , the only truth.

There are so many different ways of truth that we use this ways of explaining things , so you can take it and apply it anywhere in any concept. So , this is why , basically analogies and poetry is the one that calls the numbers , the only possible truth of numbers , one zero , they call it , God , they call it everything vacuum , they call it I and am. It 's an analogy , so you can use it from the perspective you prefer. Otherwise people who is emotional , one accept that reality is just about codes of numbers.

And I myself have no idea of how to rest and how to make divisions , how to make numbers , some and multiplication and so on. So , I want the good one to try to explain it , three numbers. So , today related to the Chakra of Means , we will talk about the topic of attachment. So , the topic of attachment is very used in spirituality and consciousness path nowadays , but it 's important also to understand that usually we use it in a very wide way and not really what we are supposed to understand about it.

As all the things that we have been spoken here , we usually try to , we usually polarized this concept into attachment and the touchment. The statement for today is I am the transportation of paths , remember that we are in Means. The goal for today is the 12th dimension. The interdimensional box is like a test rat made by a complex rubric cube , rubric cube , where all parallel time and space interact with each other and can be modified , not only the future of a parallel world can be modified , but an imaginary universe at the same time can modify the past of our reality.

There are no limits and everything is movable. Let 's go to the alignment. Let 's begin with alignment. We begin by moving slowly the shoulders.

I focus only in my breathing. I take a deep breath and I relax the shoulders. I begin to imagine the light around the body. To imagine the light around me is the light within me.

I pay attention to all the people that I know surrounding me. I pay attention that all these people around me are connected to me by the same light and the same body. It is a tissue and network. The good ones and bad ones according to me , they are all connected.

And such ones as the others , I am attached to all of them. All of them connected in this great ocean that is the point. I take a deep breath and I dive within the waters. I see the light and clarity stable as I go deeper into the shadows of darkness , of my subconscious.

I remember that I am attached to all those people. I am tied to them. So take a look of who of those people. I am bringing with me into the shadows.

I am brought up of those good and bad people. I am bringing with me pulling to the death and the pressure of my subconscious. I am bringing with me the light and clarity stable as I go deeper into the darkness. I am bringing with me the light and clarity stable as I go deeper into the darkness.

I am bringing with me the light and clarity stable as I go deeper into the darkness. I am bringing with me the light and clarity stable as I go deeper into the darkness. I recognize why am I attached to these people. I am bringing with me the light and clarity stable as I go deeper into the darkness.

I am bringing with me the light and clarity stable as I go deeper into the darkness. I am bringing with me the light and clarity stable as I go deeper into the darkness. I am bringing with me the light and clarity stable as I go deeper into the darkness. I am bringing with me the light and clarity stable as I go deeper into the darkness.

I am bringing with me the light and clarity stable as I go deeper into the darkness. I am bringing with me the light and clarity stable as I go deeper into the darkness. I am bringing with me the light and clarity stable as I go deeper into the darkness. What was the best to be attached or to be detached?

I recognize that I am an individual that exists due to the attachment. I am also recognized that by trying to be detached from all of it , I am just denying an abandonment. I live in behind everything that I am. This is why I set my intention.

I have the desire to live free living fully here and now. I am bringing with me the light and clarity stable as I go deeper into the darkness. I am bringing with me the light and clarity stable as I go deeper into the darkness. I am the transmutation of paths just so you can see the transmutation of paths.

I am free of all the paths here and now. I live in this forms for I am the transmutation of all the forms. I am bringing with me the light and clarity stable as I go deeper into the darkness. I am bringing with me the light and clarity stable as I go deeper into the darkness.

I am bringing with me the light and clarity stable as I go deeper into the darkness. Once upon a time there was a tree that had created many fruits and seeds but it never left them away. I grew up alone in a very wide desert. There was a moment when it saw it 's dead coming closely.

It has no other way to let all the seeds fall down. So in that moment from the seeds many trees start to grow up. And they were surrounding this other tree helping him sharing with him until the very last day of its life. It was not moment when the tree recognized that is by living away the forms that you can plant leave this existence.

Take a deep breath. I am bringing the fruit to the heart. And we can back here and now slowly each one of its own time. The touchment is to think that if I live , if I let everything go away everything that makes me feel safe.

So I will lose everything. The touchment would be to think that if I let everything go away everything that pulls me in this world , I will set myself free. In the world of spirituality we usually speak about attachment and we usually say about attachment that what we have to aim detachment from things. But what we do n't really understand is that to get the touch , is basically to not be responsible.

So basically to be detached sometimes it 's not to be responsible of what you have created. So the question that I would do to this network that we are , is are we here working in our attachment or our detachment. Remember that we have two different types of attachment , attachment and detachment. The first one , attachment , we call it to be in the service of survival.

And detachment , we will call it service of transcendence. So service to survival is basically to be in service to life. Our body is constantly trying to make us survive. So it is attached to life constantly and does everything to survive for life.

So it is that to want to protect life. Now it 's not that. It is okay. So detachment , attachment , the service to survival would be basically to , to put all your energy to try to hold the things equally.

So make you feel secure and safe in your comfort zone. And detachment is the service to transcendence which is it does n't matter. It does n't matter. Life because life is eternal.

So you do n't have to attach to anything. So remember , attachment is the one that helps you to survive. It 's the one that tells you if you stay here , you will be safe. So in the other hand , we have detachment which would be to transcend.

To say , well , I can live all this because the word of shapes does n't matter. Which has can live because we are eternal and we can live all of this. So detachment would be this tree that wants to hold everything , all information for it , the seeds because that 's the only way it has to survive. So by detachment , this tree can live this seeds.

And by that , it can create new seeds and the other trees growing around with the roots can hold it so it does n't fall down. But in this example , my question would be , in all this process , did detachment , the ground , did detachment , left to the fifth dimension? Of course not. What it did was to find its freedom through transcendence.

So transcendence is to set yourself free , not to live away. It 's to set yourself free and transcend here. So what we have to do when we talk about detachment is not to let things away and to go around in another dimension. What detachment means is to be aware of that link , to be aware of the bound.

Because when we are attached , is because we have no idea why we are holding the other one. And by fear , by comfort. We are afraid of things to change. And that 's why we get attached to them.

This is why I change the shapes today , the forms. And I want to point some things here. When I change the ways , I noticed that there were many reactions in the negative and positive ways. You started to fight each other.

You started to do opinions of what was happening. People that asked for respect and silence , but they are right in two. People that say focus in the meditation during the meditation. People that judge those who say focus.

People that comment things that it 's not related with with is happening. People that need to call attention , positive and negative in different ways. And as you see , I am not with any one of you. I am just doing an observation that happens to all of us , to you to me , everyone.

So all emotions and all the things that happen , that changed , that happened like that with all these reactions , are just because the time it changed. And that is what shows us how attached we are to the shapes. So with this , I am not saying that I do n't like that you write too much in the blog in the comments here. I am not saying that I do n't like everything that you put.

I really appreciate for all the people that say thank you or the people that say silence please respect. I really appreciate that because it 's really good. So I 'm not pointing on that. I have no problems with you writing.

I do n't really care. It does n't bother me really. So do n't worry , it 's not that the chat is sticking me from the point. It 's not for me sometimes to stay like what I 'm saying.

So it 's not about the chat. The chat is kind of something that helps me to use it as a feedback as statistics. Even if they do n't use for anything. They 're not useful for anything.

But somehow. Sometimes what we do. I nature because we do n't want for things to change. We want the things to be very specific.

Is that instead of being in our center doing what we are supposed to do. We are saying to the others what we expect for them to be. The reason why I 'm saying this mostly for mostly about all the people that is saying that is helping me trying to put order and saying to help with silence and all that is because I am I am trying to take care of those people because I noticed that they are the most aligned and the ones that are more willing to do everything. The reason point in this is because the question would be from where do we want to help the others.

It 's just to understand that you also can close the chat. What I just want to say is to try to think about from which point we say things. It does n't matter if you comment , it does n't matter if you talk , it does n't matter if you use it because it 's useful for me with your writing here. The reason is just to remind you how attached we are to our expectations.

To what it is to post to be. So this is why. I will try to do some of these things sometimes. Just to help us to see what are the things that we should practice.

So one big attachment that we have to let it go is to the attachment to expectations. Because everything that we usually do is expecting a result , expecting something that we would love for it to be. And then what it is. And one of the practice for the attachment is not to just.

Let it go. Is to use what it has changed. For something new. Like for example.

For example , the silence. Today in the moment when we begin. Maybe it was uncomfortable. But we could have been using that for something new like.

Learn to be. In silence. So attachment is to be stuck. Stuck in an expectation above all.

It might be something silly at the beginning. But it will become useful. Bigger moments like in politics. In economy.

In families and relationships. The only thing we are attached to are expectations. And the only thing from which we can. Touch is from expectations.

It 's not to be bad guy tomorrow. Have sweet dreams. See you tomorrow.