Hi everyone , morning , afternoon , good evening. Welcome to all of you to the last day of our emotional week in the day of the Toro. Tomorrow begins the last week of our path. So as a reminder to everybody , tomorrow we have only 10 days left of our year that we have been walking step by step day by day with the daily connections at 2020 each time.

So after this 10 days , we begin with the 5 days out of time which are July 31st and then August 1-3. And of course , 4th of August start the new year , so we start with the energy of the path of the dragon. So we begin a new time of this year in which , well , of the new year , in which I want to be day by day , I want to be every day in the connections as we are doing. I will be only in the specific days when I will be able to connect in the places where I 'm going to go.

Well , this is just a reminder , of course. And I just wanted to remind you also that in two , three days , the 22nd of July , I will do transmission here , life streaming at 4pm Egypt time to explain how it 's going to be the event in next year in 2022. So whoever wants to assist to know exactly how it 's going to be , I invite you to be part of this streaming in the 22nd. Also to remind you that from once we finish the five days out of time , we will start with posting in our social media.

Everything about when are going to be our next life streaming , what are the tasks that we have to do in the August 22nd? Well , all the dots , all the information about the event , we will be sharing everything since August 4th. So just be a pay attention to the social media , follow the social media , so you do n't need anything. So just as a reminder , this is not the end of the whole things.

This is the end of a way of doing the path that ends now next week. And I start a new path , so a new way of doing this. So it 's not like this is the end , it 's the end of this way. Just for you to know.

So also the reason why I 'm not going to make daily transmissions is because where I 'm going , I do n't have connection , I do n't have , I am in the nature , so it wo n't , it will be very difficult , so sometimes whenever I can , according to my schedule , I will do it. So just as a reminder , all we can people could say , why , why the , the day out of time are not the July 25th. So I want to clarify this that the people that are usually following the calendars like the Mayan calendar that says that the day out of time is the 25th. July 25th.

The reason why we take the other ones is because all the ancient cultures used to , to be guided to tell the new year to find the new year with the rising of the star of serious in the horizon and then in the northern hemisphere. So that happens , of course , it comes back once a year. So that rising depends on the latitude where you are. So for the Mayan culture in the south of Mexico , which is like latitude 2022 , the day where the star is rising is July 25th.

That 's why that day is the day out of time. But , because we are following the Ghibsian Atlanta calendar , that would be in the latitude 33. 33 and in that latitude 33 north is the , it rises in between the first days of around the first days of August or the last days of July. So now it rises over fourth.

So that 's why those are the five days out of time. Because of the star of serious. So once that this , let 's go to our topic today , which is the unconscious. So as you have seen , to speak about the unconscious , we have chosen the idea of the tree , because the tree of life is like a right way to see the shape of the unconscious with all branches , roots and everything.

So all this different , my idea of expressions. So this is why the shape of the tree is like the best way to see the unconscious. Many years ago , when I started to make my workshops and conferences explaining about the Trinity of some subconscious unconscious and conscious related to the cosmic plant , the earth plan and or human plan. So these three different aspects that I was explaining besides all that , I used to to end my conferences with the sentence that the only master that you could possibly follow in order to do it right is a tree.

Because there is no better master like a tree. When you follow a tree , you will see that they know where they are , they stunts still in their position here and now with its roots rounded in the earth , but also expanding looking for the light , absorbing the light to create food and everything that they have to give , they just give it away to everyone in nature with unconditional love. So they do n't speak , they do n't teach , they act by example. And this is why besides any masters and any name , any teachers like me or whoever , besides all of us , besides any spiritual being beyond this reality , the best example for a spiritual path is the master that we call tree.

And that 's the example of which we were talking about this week. So unconscious , when we start to , when we listen the word unconscious , we usually relate this concept with something that is wrong , with a person that do the dust by a thing that are not properly behaving. And the reason why it is because unconscious is basically the opposite to conscious. Remember that conscious is a Latin word that means everything that is separated , put together.

So come all together and shine that means to divide different parts. So to discern , basically to discern is the idea of conscious. A person that is conscious is a person that actually realize or recognize the different parts and can understand the relation in between all of those parts. Can get the idea , the point of all that.

So that 's some one that has consciousness that can understand the different parts. And the unconscious , the unconscious is of course the person that can not discern , that can not different or make a different differentiation , how to say , to to know to realize about difference between the parts. So that 's someone that is unconscious. So that 's no exactly how to understand the things , how to relate in the things.

Not always this. And conscience was about things. We have to remember that in the past times to be unconscious , to be unaware of things was actually something normal because most of the people have not been tools to understand the realities of the world. We were enough about mostly.

So everyone had no clue of nothing. So that 's why we would n't even say unconscious or unaware because most of the people have no clue about anything. So that was the normal. But eventually 500 years ago , 400 years ago , when the science starts to take place and the people started to to find a way to understand the reality and they started to study to accumulate data information and start to discern beyond faith , going away from faith.

When they started to figure out how the reality worked , they could start to make the difference in between a conscious person and a conscious unconscious person. Which would mean that someone that is unconscious is the person that has no tools to understand the things that they have no clue about how to understand the reality. So they started to build to create the idea that a conscious person is the one that understands the different parts of reality. And the unconscious person is the one that can not do that.

So eventually , with the past of years , we could also say that someone that is unconscious does wrong things because they do n't get how the things work. So they do n't know how to do it properly. And that 's why we started to create this idea that someone that is unconscious is someone that is doing bad things. So this is how the word unconscious turned out to be a synonym of a person that does something that is that , something that is wrong.

So eventually , in this past , a hundred of years came out a new science that was psychology. Remember that we spoke about this. Psychology is the study of the soul , Sha , which is Soul in Rik. So with the study of psychology , even if the other sciences , the use to call psychology like absolute , pseudo science , like they are not even a science itself , even today , some people think that.

But even though it was a very powerful study of the soul , a study of the mind. So the psychology , this new science , would take this concept of the unconscious and the conscious , but it would take it in a different way. Not saying that the conscious is the person that knows and the unconscious is the person that does know , but the conscious and the unconscious leads together in one being. And the conscious defines the fact of all those things that we do that we act by will.

The things that we say that we say , we are willing to do and we manage to make it. So that 's the conscious. The one that can be certain and understand the reality around. And all the other things that we do n't understand , that we act by a reaction , that we have no clue about them.

They started to call it the unconscious. So the people , the psychologists would , would make this difference between the conscious as it is , the action of will , that we are aware of that. And the unconscious , all those things that we have no clue how they work and how they are reacting. So that would be.

So inside the unconscious , we can find not only things that we are hiding , but all the things that we are not aware of , that we have no clue what are they and how they work. It 's a huge difference between the willing of doing something or realizing about something which is the conscious. And all the things that we have no clue how to manage. So in the conscious , we actually know what to , what are we doing and the unconscious , we have no clue why they do all the things.

So and all this goes from the biology of our being , seal this psychology of our being. So in biology , we have the autonomous nervous system divided in the sympathetic and the pystinpatic. We spoke about this in the month of Tours , remember. So in psychology , we will have stress.

Stress is how we measure the relaxation or the tension of a person. So the psychology would be stress and the stress will be divided or we will receive its information from the unconscious and the subconscious. So as in biology , we have the sympathetic and pystinpatic sending this information to the brain in the nervous system. The unconscious of the subconscious will fill up with information our levels of stress.

So we can say that in biology and psychology in both of them , we have no clue of how to manage to control these two systems. So if we take the biology way , for example , all of this , both sides unconscious for us. Why? Because we have no control over how to manage these two things.

There are things that just work by itself and we have no clue how. And this is for example here the heartbeat , the function of our kidneys , our intestines , the metabolism of our cells. We can not manage that. We can not control that.

We can not decide to make it to make the heartbeat or not. It 's impossible for us to handle that. So it is in our unconscious because we have no clue about that work in and how. And in the other hand , psychology , in psychology , for example , we can we can not control who we fall in love with.

We can not control when we are discussed by something. We can not control willing to accomplish something or not wanted to do something. We can not control that , that 's something that , naturally , it 's managed inside. So it 's in our unconscious.

We have no clue how to work with it. So a doctor or a biologist , even if they not exactly how a hard works or a cell works , they do n't have , they complete management of that organ is impossible for us to manage that. Okay , we can change the metabolism or stop the heart by thinking. So it is in our unconscious.

So as you see , most of these controls our lives. We are unconscious about our bodies and conscious about our soul. So there 's a tiny little aspect that we can call the conscience. And this tiny little aspect of conscious is the one that can take the decision , for example , to say , I have a lot of stress , so I would go to a therapy or to make meditation.

So it handles a tool , a way to find out how to manage this from the outside. And in the other way , in the biology , the conscious is the one that says , I have a conflict in my metabolism. So I will start to eat different. I will change my diet.

So I can better handle this. So now let 's go to understand something very important to make a big difference in what we think is the conscious. We usually believe that the conscious part is the one that has to control these parts of the unconscious to rule the whole game. And that 's a mistake because the conscience is not the one that controls.

Someone that controls is a manipulation. It 's not the conscious being someone that controls other parts. A conscious being is a one that understands that asks that tries to find out what is happening in these two aspects of itself to see what they need in order to function. The conscious is not the one that controls the unconscious.

Is the one that goes and tries to understand the unconscious in order to give to it what it needs. So usually in our point of view of some explanations about about the unconscious and the conscious , usually what we think about is like this kind of horse and we are the rider on the top of the whole and we have to manage to ride the horse to manage to ride the horse. And we call the horse unconscious impulse emotional. Emotional impulse unconscious.

And the rider is the mind that pulls the conscious. So we usually believe that is the conscious rider that has to pull through the mind and control the impulse of the emotions in the unconscious in this little horse. Is n't it? That 's how we usually see these.

When we hear about explanations. And this is a very weird thing to say because this explanation would say that there is someone that is taking the power upon someone else , which is really not how the conscious universe works. So when we see this perception here and we listen this words of we have to know to handle our emotions , to control our emotions , to control our impulses , to handle our unconscious. When we use to say these kind of things , to put control over something that we think that is not perfectly moving.

So we are using exactly the same pattern as we have been using as humanity for thousands of years , which is the control upon others , which is a tool of religion , something that was useful in the fields. But it 's not from the entire universe. So what a rider has to do is not to control the horse and be upon the horse. What the rider has to do is to feel the horse , to know the horse , to acknowledge what are the needs of the horse , what it feels , what it is feeling , what it is needing to be one with the horse.

And that 's the moment when the horse will answer right to the rider. So it 's not about controlling the emotion. It 's about to acknowledge why I am feeling that emotion. And that 's what we are going to understand now.

So if you think about it , why do we naturalized the idea that to feel emotions , to feel impulse and to live through the unconscious are bad things? Because we have naturalized this concept to control the emotion in order to connect with the spirit of why. And if we go to the past , we will know that the reason why is because of religion and cold. From thousands of years , we have been said that to go to the divine , we have to go up to the conscious realm where everything is posed , where the mind of God exists and where the mind is , there is no emotion , there is no impulses , there is no unconscious.

We are all right , straight. So usually that point of view of religion has been inherited by many traditions in different philosophies and it 's dark to go on and on and on until it reached the spirituality and it reached the new age. So still today , some people are saying we have to control our impulses , we have to go beyond our emotions , we have to why. This is a tradition from religion.

So that 's why we used to say this one here has to control that one there because this is savage , but the question is why this is wild. So this has everything has a scale of measurement from the positive and the negative or balance and chaotic. We usually believe that this is chaotic by nature like wild , but actually it 's not like this. Actually what happened is that because we have n't been working with it or acknowledging it , it loses its axis so it ca n't find the balance because it is chaotic , but because we were in pain attention to it , that 's why it was controlled.

So if we would have been paying attention to all of this and taking care of all of this , we would be in balance with all of this , but because we were hiding it being afraid of it , so that turned into an imbalance and chaotic energy. The reason why this is unconscious or this is chaotic is because the writer did n't stop , got down of the horse and watch what were the needs of the horse. What was the horse needing? Feeling , maybe the horse was a thread or just in need of water.

So if you would know and feel what the horse would need , so it will ask it would answer in a different way. The unconscious is not about thing , that conscience is just data. It 's a lot of data information that we have been receiving for thousands of years and every day. So all this data , if we do n't pay attention to it , if we just ignore that or hide that or we put it hidden in the background of everything , so it will be chaotic , a mess.

But if we pay attention to it , if we look into the needs that it has , how to organize that , to understand its nature. So all the unconscious starts to be useful for us , starts to be in our service. Our whole life is moved by the unconscious , because by all Jason conscience , by all of Jason conscience , everything is moved by the unconscious , all our life , every day , everything. So if we do n't become aware of the importance of the unconscious in our life , then conscience will control everything that we decide to do.

And the horse will be there and not. So as you see , the universe does n't have to control anything. The being that is conscious of itself does n't have to control anyone. Just have to go down to acknowledge the other , to find about the other and become one with it.

Also remember this , then we usually divide this to as if they are different things. Like if they are just the body separated from the soul. Remember this , the mind projected the body , but this sentence is very important. The mind did n't create it , the body.

The mind turned itself into the body. Turn itself into the body. It 's very different , because otherwise we will still believe that there is a God and a created. And it 's not to different things.

The God is the created. The God became the created. The created become God. It 's the same thing.

So the mind manifests itself in the body and the body manifests in the mind. So remember this , the mind projected itself in the body and the body projected itself in the mind. So the mind turns the body. It downloads information that is manifested in the body.

And then the body sends information to the mind , receive information , give it to the mind , and the mind interprets that and delivers it back to the body. Remember that the mind is ideas and this ideas become reality. Why? Because the mind starts to manifest itself into the physical reality.

So it creates the body in order to interpret the reality. The body now will assimilate all this information of the reality through the five senses. So the five senses are the mechanism of a physical body that will interpret the reality and send that information back to the mind. Send that information back to the mind.

So once the five senses gave all this data to the mind , the mind will start to administrated all this information to understand this reality. So the mind will send a reaction to the body. So the body can turn that reaction into an action that will tourism the mind with a new point of view. Remember this , again , the mind , the brain with the neurons , creates a way in which it can perceive reality and protect reality outside.

And this reality will be lived by the body. And the body will experience that reality through five senses. The five senses will receive all the data from the reality and send it back to the brain in the mind. So all information can be assimilated and understood in order to give a reaction.

So the body can take action in that reality and through that action , the mind can reach its point of view of that reality. That 's the perfect cycle that connects biology and psychology feeding them one to another. This is why an emotion can become a disease. And through that disease , we can understand what happened to our being.

So as a simple example , my inner self , it 's feeling a lack of love , does n't feel any love. So it needs the touch , the hearts of someone. So because I 'm not getting it , the reaction would be something in my skin. So I will have a disease in my skin.

Why you have a disease in my skin? Well , through the five senses , I can understand that skin is related to the touch. So it will send this action of the touch to the mind to interpret it that I am in the need of a hug because touch , skin , hug , love. So in order to understand all these relationships , you have to study and go to see biology , bioligolification.

So when you look into bioligolification , learn , read , figure out and you will see this connection of the power of the unconscious. So the last thing to say is that biology has been receiving information through thousands of years and every second of our life , it 's storage data in our brain. So the brain starts to accumulate data information for millions of data constantly. Just in case we need them.

So when we have to do something to act into something , the first thing that our body does without us thinking about it is to check which one of the files matches with the action. So they say , oh , this one and that one , they match. So they are kind of the same to solve this problem. So they send this information into action.

This is why we are between 80 to 90 percent control by our unconscious. But if we deny the unconscious , if we do n't want to know anything about it , so we will be ruled by the unconscious. Because it 's basically the one that controls. But if we dare to see what is inside of it to find out what our their needs , then we can use it in our favor.

So remember , the conscious is the writer , the unconscious is the horse. So I do n't have to control the horse in order to go whatever I want. I have to know to acknowledge , to know all the needs and nature of this horse. So the horse accepts me , become one with me , and we can both do what we aim to.

Okay? So all these huge amounts of data information is right there in our beloved unconscious. So be a forest. The vibration today is , the statement today is I am eternal vibration.