I will move on to the next. Our month of pieces as every month will be divided in three weeks. So the mental week of pieces , the emotional week of pieces and the physical week of pieces. Of course , I have no idea what is going to be spoken during this whole month.

So I have no idea. But according to the topic that started today , I kind of fear that during all these days , we will speak about the dimensions. And basically the dimensions that create the cosmos that makes us perceive the universe in this wide and expanded concept of pieces. Before we start with the whole month , I have to introduce the topics of this week.

So before we speak about each one of the dimensions , we have to understand what is the dimension. And to understand the difference between , as I mentioned , a planes in the dimensions. The levels of dimensions and the kingdoms in the dimensions , which are different things , but we usually mixed up them. So let 's try to understand this.

Wait , I just need something to draw and to show you. So first of all , let 's understand what is at dimension. The dimension comes from the Latin D , which is 2 , means 2D. And mention that is , to measure things.

So dimension is to measure something from 2 points of view. That 's the dimension. From the observer and the observed. Okay , that 's dimension.

Yes. We usually make the mistake of taking a dimension as a dimensional plane or a dimensional level. But , as I mentioned , it 's not a place. It 's the measurement of a place.

As I mentioned , it 's not a place where you can go or from where you can come from. As I mentioned , it 's the different perspectives of one place of one being or one object. So the thing that makes us know in which dimension we live in is when we can understand from where and how can we measure that thing. So here we have a sphere.

In a sphere , we have one dimension , which is this line here. We have a second dimension here. So we have here one dimension to the dimensions. Three dimensions.

In our dimension , the third dimension , we will call this high , wide and depth. So why we are in the third dimension? Because simply we have a high , a way and a depth. So as you see here , the dimensions are not about spiritual levels or stuff like that.

As I mentioned , it 's basically the measurement of a reality of an object. Now , as you see , the dimension is a measurement of something. It 's not a level of different things. So every object can be measured in one dimension in two dimensions , in three dimensions , four dimensions.

Which means that everything that is measurable has different dimensions. And because the universe is something you can measure , this means that the whole universe has many dimensions. And that 's why we are multi-dimensional beings. But not because the humans are multi-dimensional , because the universe itself is multi-dimensional.

So what this means? That the other beings that are in different dimensions , that we think of them , that are in other dimensions , they are not separate things from us. All the beings in the universe in different dimensions are just us being perceived from different dimensions. But it 's only one.

We are always in all the dimensions , but this one here is only seen and expressed in this three. And now let 's try to understand this with a much more simple thing. Okay. So now let 's go to this example.

A house , picture house. Think about a tiny house in the middle of nowhere. So the house has a floor , has four walls , has a roof , has a door , some windows. And inside you have sofa , a bed , kitchen , okay.

So a tiny house , normal house , with everything that you need for a house. The whole thing is called house. But what happened? You will see that the roof is facing the sky.

The floor is facing the ground. The floor walls are watching one to the east , the other to the north , the other to the east , the other to the south , the other to the west. So for directions. The doors in the windows are places where you can see inside and see outside.

The bed sofa , everything can only see inside. So when you see this. These things , you will perceive the measurements of the house. So you have three meters to the roof , maybe.

So the floor is never touching the roof. So also never see in the sky. For the floor , everything will be darkness. Just watching down.

For the roof , it will be the sky. The only reality it sees. For one of the walls facing the east. All the reality that it sees is only the east because it 's given the back to the west.

So it does n't have any idea of what 's happening there. For the bed , for the sofa , for the kitchen , everything is related to the inside. They do n't know what 's happening. Sometimes you have the portal , a door , or window where you can go out and inside.

All of them are watching in different dimensions. But even though they are still only one house. Think about it for a while. So now here we have the concept of what is , as I mentioned.

The mention is , on the one thing , measured in many directions. Okay. So for example , this band and myself , we are here in this physical aspect. Okay.

So I am here watching this reality , which is the physical one. But what I see is not seen by the other dimension , which is behind of me. So I am only watching the perception of this pen and myself from this point of view in that direction. So imagine that I am the wall of the east.

If I am the wall of the east , I can see only the east. So I am seeing only this thing here. But the wall behind me in the west is able to see something different from this pen and myself. The wall in the west is looking at the time , for example.

So the wall there is watching the time. So it does n't see the pen. What the other wall is looking at is the history of this pen. It 's only the history of this pen.

So it sees the tree , the wood , the granite , everything that made this pen and everything that will happen to this pen. Okay. So that 's what the other wall is looking at. So I am watching the space and the other wall is watching the time.

Okay. So taking the example of the house. If I am the wall of the east , I will only see the dawn. And always we 'll see the dawn.

So for me , from my point of view , the only thing that will exist is the sunrise. There 's only sunrise. That 's all that exists because it 's the only thing that I see. So I am seeing the space.

All that exists is just the sunrise. And the other side , the other wall will only be able to see the sunset. So for the other wall , there 's only sunset , nothing else. Only time.

So that 's why we can only see a reality. Believe in that there is the only reality. And even though it does n't mean that that 's the only reality. That we only see the sunset.

It does n't mean that it does n't exist. The sunrise. Okay. So as you have seen until now , I 'm describing dimensions.

I 'm describing concepts. I 'm describing spiritual levels. Nothing. I 'm describing something very logic , which is if I build the house in one place with one wall facing the east and one wall facing the west.

One wall will be only seen the sunrise and the other wall will be only seen the sunset. And that 's it. It 's basically like that. So that 's the dimension.

That 's a perception of the house. Okay. So now we will add something more in this house. This metaphorical house that we have created for the dimensions.

We 'll have now different levels. So in the house we have now a basement. First floor and second floor. Okay.

So we have this three different parts of the house now. So the structure is watching to each one of the directions as perfectly described before. But now we have three different places of the house. So now this same house.

We have people that are living in the under in the basement that are living in the darkness. So they have the same directions. But they are living in that darkness. Then in the middle we will have people beings that are living the normal life in the first floor.

And then we have in the second floor this other beings that has much more light because they are higher. So they can see better the sunrise the sunset because there are no plans covering like in the first floor. So they can see better beyond and have much more light doing the day. So what this means that in the same dimensions of a house.

There are beings that lives in different planes of dimensions. So we have beings that are living in the lower vibration. Other ones that are living in the normal vibration and other ones that are in higher vibration. More much more sub.

Speaking about the third dimension. We have people humans that live in the basement. People that live in the first floor and people that live in the second floor. We all know for sure in our life.

People that live in the basement that are the ones close to everything that they do n't want to see anything. They can not see the reality and they are just grabbing the reality , the matter attached to everything. Also we see and we know people in the middle that are just living their lives and discovering the life and everything is okay , but does n't see beyond. And then we have people we for sure know someone that is living the second floor that can see beyond that can see better that are living much more.

Sub relaxed with not much much weight. And I am just describing the third dimension as you see. Now we will add something more to this house. Runs.

We will add some rooms in the basement , some rooms in the first floor and some rooms in the second floor. So from these rooms. Each person that lives in that room will have windows and doors. So through those windows those people in their rooms will see different perceptions perspectives of everything.

So some people will see only the sunrise and people will see only the sunset. So the rooms will be focused in one direction , one perspective. So this rooms we will call it the dimensional levels. Now we imagine for example that in the second floor you have in one room a spiritual person that can see the sunset.

So it 's a spiritual person that is following the light is saying there goes the light , but that person always see the sunset. In front in the other room we have a high master that can only see the sunrise. So it always see the beauty of the light coming into its face. So it 's the light itself.

So you can see the beauty of everything. So the high master in this dimension in this level , sorry in this level of dimension , can go not the door of the guy in front in the third dimension. In this level of dimension. Open and say hey the sun has rise.

The day has become. So the person could know that the light is coming , even if he can not see it. And the master can back to its room. So can you picture maybe the idea of how is this people.

Interconnection. Okay. So now the explanation of the first floor. Because the second one is the one that we usually know that is the high master is not in the door and saying is is the day it has become.

In the in the second in the first floor. And the first floor. The master is not willing to go and not the door to the guy in front to tell them hey the sun has rise. And the guy that is in the other room and the other level has not the will to go and open the door to the master.

And they not. So both of them stays inside the rooms. But the master opens the door so the light from the window in the east can come. And the race of light goes under the door of the guy in front.

So the guy that is in the room facing the west. And the guy that is in the middle of the room facing the light going under the edge of the door on the ground. You can see the light in the edge. But we will never open the door.

So by this it can say oh yes is day I know is day because there 's a bit of light in the ground. But never open the door and the other one never not the door. You see the difference between this. Okay.

So now from the point of view of the guys in the basement. So we have a room that is the level of the master of darkness. They have a tiny window to see the light coming from the sun from the sunrise. So this master says okay it 's rising.

It 's the dawn. So it 's time to wake up the others. But the others in the other room are like cover like this and I do n't want to wake up. I do n't want to wake up like they want to sleep.

All darkness around so they can sleep better. So these guys the master of darkness that see the light. They open the door very quietly. They go in the darkness and open the other door.

No letting anyone know that they are coming in the room. They get inside the room and look from above the person that is sleeping. They take glass of water and put it in the face of the person. And they say it 's already day and they leave.

So that 's the way of the people living in the basement. So the people in the other room in the basement we call that crisis. So we have seen now the dimensions of the house , the planes of the house and the levels of the house in the different rooms. And now we have inside the rooms the realms of dimensions.

And the realms of dimensions is how the different objects and objects of the rooms perceive the dimensions of that room of that level. So what I would say is that in each room now we have in each room we have a different the different realms of dimension. And the different realms of dimensions are like for example having that in each room we have a stone , a plant , an animal and a person. So in each room is living someone , living a person.

That every person has a plant , every person has a pet , a cat , a dog , a fish , whatever. And every person has a stone. So every one of them has something different in the room. And each one of the objects or subjects that are living in the room perceives the reality in a different way.

And so for example in the basement a pet can be a demon. In the first floor a pet can be a dog , a cat or in the second floor. It can be a dragon , it can be a fairy , something like that. But nothing in any room , nothing all the rooms in just some of them , okay , some room.

So have you already drove , have you already drove all this little house with all the things? Okay , so well , all of that does n't exist. And I say that all that does n't exist because all of that are just perceptions of only one dimension , which is the first dimension. So all of that only exist because the first one.

So the. . . Knowing this that nothing really exists and everything 's just a projection of adult in the cosmos.

Does n't take any power to the things that we just described. Because all the things that we say now they does n't exist are the potentials of the dog. So all the possibilities , all the things that we have described in the house , they would n't exist because of the dog. But what is having the entire power and it 's so impossible for the dog to experience all of that that it needs to project itself to create the house in order to leave its potential.

The thing is that when we as humans starts to discover that this reality is not the only one and we open ourselves to see other realities when we start to see the whole universe how it exists. It 's like wow so many things and so many dimensions and wow wow so many things and suddenly when we reach the last part we suddenly recognize that there 's nothing that really does n't exist. And we say why , why does n't exist? I need to believe that this exists.

And the reason why we do that is because as humans , we live in the third dimension are designed to believe that this pen is real. But from other point of view now that the dimensions , this pen never really existed is something different. The existence of the pen is a perception of the third dimension. So when we project our point of view of the third dimension into the universe , we project the need of existence to give the purpose of existence.

But that 's only the point of view of this reality. Have you seen in Matrix the movie when the Oracle says to you in order to bend the spoon , you have to know the absolute truth and what is the truth and she says that there is no spoon. So that 's it. So this is what brings us to the first dimension.

The first dimension is the acknowledge acknowledging that the dot , the only reality that exists is basically the truth. It 's basically one only spot with two hemispheres called the alpha and the omega. So the alpha is the spot where everything emerges and the omega is where everything ends. So what is what the alpha has to do in order to connect with the omega?

It has to spin as much as possible in order to create an axis to communicate the alpha and the omega. So the alpha is the real thing. So as faster it is spin , it can show both sides in one place. And the alpha is faster in my hand.

It does n't matter when I show the pound of my face , you will be also watching the back part. So in this constant spinning is how the unity is able to perceive the different parts of itself. The different dimensions. So this is why the photons , the particles , the tiny particles of the universe , they are just showing us an illusion.

The illusion that everything is just the perception of one only spot , spinning really fast. This is why everything is I am. So it does n't matter in which floor you live in , which room you live in , which pet or plant you have in your room of that house. The truth is that all of us , all of it , is just an illusion of one spot moving really fast.

And the moment in which the people that are living in that house recognize that they do n't exist , that we are just a projection of a dot and we become the dot. We become the dreamer. And when we become dreamer is when we also become creators. The constant spinning is the dreamer willing to live its dream.

So what is the energy that moves this is the infinite , the infinite energy that creates the spinning. And we humans call this energy as love. So love is the infinite energy that allows the dreamer to create its dream to live its dream , to build the house of its dreams. So the first dimension is not something that is outside and there are beings living there.

The first dimension is the concept of understanding that we are a one that we are dreamer. And joining , and joining the ability to live the dream , the ability to live , to experience it and feel loved by it. And we do so , we are connected to the essence and the basis of the first dimension. Okay , so I was just saying , and Spanish before , that I , that before we read the information for today , I would love to thank a lot to Size.

And that with its team , his team of musicians , they have done this beautiful song for the month of Pieces , which is connecting the four seasons. The vibration for today is love. The statement for today is I am universal love. The code for today is autumn.

The process of decay of life 's recession takes us to experiment the treatment , the releasing , death itself. Related with fire , it 's the moment of integration of the life in the temporal aspect of the divine fire. The moment of the simulation of all experiences lived where we must evaluate the achievements that we have accomplished , and that we , that will help us find the inner potential of the new rice ahead. The moment for trouble.

Close your eyes and concentrate in your breathing. The moment for trouble. The moment for trouble. Take a deep breath.

As I picture myself surrounding surrounded by a deep dark space , without stars in light nothing. Just myself , mediating , you devoid. In the previous moments before dreaming. The moment for trouble.

And so I started dreaming. In this dark space , start to design the most beautiful place you could ever imagine. The place of your dreams. Take a deep breath.

In the best place you could imagine. You can picture a house , a beautiful house , and you recognize. In the best place you could imagine. I walk towards the house , watching every corner of it , designing , imagining each part of it.

When I find myself ready , I get inside the house. As I open the door , I see inside of it. The entire universe , the stars , the planets , all the history , all the beings that I can imagine. In every dimension , I find inside my dreams came true.

And I dare to get inside this house. As I get inside this cosmos within my house , I see living changing all the things in a chaotic order. The people I love , the objects I am attached to , my pets , plants , masters , guides , aliens , all the beings that I can feel as a part of me. As I picture myself in the middle , in the center , I can perceive how all of them , all of it , is part of me that I am everything.

All of it is connected to me. All of them are part of this dream , my dream. I recognize that all of it exists only because I feel love when I think about it. It 's because of the love that I feel and this dream is real.

And I see to all of them recognizing that all of them are connected to me , they love that I am the universe , love. All of it is connected to me. All of it is connected to me. All of it is connected to me.

All of it is connected to me. All of it is connected to me. I take the breath and begin to attract everything to me to bring all the things the planets , the stars , the sun , the masters , the family , the guides , the aliens. The lights , the colors , the house , this beautiful place I created , everything I inhalt towards me to the core , to the dots in the center , to the alpha and omega.

All of it is connected to me to the alpha and omega. All of it is connected to me to the alpha and omega. All of it is connected to me to the alpha and omega. All of it is connected to me to the alpha and omega.

All of it is connected to me to the alpha and omega. All of it is connected to me to the alpha and omega. Thank you everybody for being here.