Hi everyone , how are you? Sorry for my face and hair. I just arrived running to the new spot when I 'm going to be. We had some problems in middle.

So yes. So we are today in the third eye of the physical week. The topic today is politics. So I do n't have a board , so I do n't have anything to show.

So I hope you get it anyway. I hope you have read the blog for today. Otherwise , would be good if you read it. So you get more details.

Sorry that people were calling me and I am using the Wi-Fi of the phone. Sorry , I am feeling diary. That 's why I 'm not being able to write to say maybe things good today. Sorry , just the places new and there is no.

So I was saying that to the end of the blog that the important thing to have a government is to see if you are able to guide yourself through the ocean. To sail. Because it 's easier sometimes to criticize the government of others. And we do n't know how to if we are going to do a good government on our own.

And when I touched the Nile today in the boat , I was sitting in that test of my own. So today I explained that in the blog that the government comes from a Greek word that means to sail the ship. So government is to know how can you through the deep waters of the subconscious. So the concept of government of being someone that knows how to handle the ship , the sail in the waters.

It comes from the Greek concept of the politics in which the kings should gather in meetings to decide about the countries by sailing in between the islands in the ago in the NC. They needed to know how to sail. To be in touch with one another. In the Nile we used to say that as a landings they used to sail in a temple by temple.

Trying to show itself to show oneself if we are able to govern ourselves to sail our own boat. Because if we were not able to do that , we would n't be able to govern others. Today politics is seen like something horrible in the world. And those who have come to work with politics in the future , we can be seen also as something for politics was not meant to be something to control.

The politics was meant to be something to guide. The one that governs properly is the one that teach the others how to sail in a storm. Not the one that tries to drive to sail the boat by itself. The only reason why politics is horrible today is because we are the ones that forgot that we were in a boat.

We are the ones that forgot how to sail. In the past they used to say that the politician that was to govern how to go through a very heavy process of learning how to sail itself to govern the inside. And otherwise that person would n't be able to govern on others. In history the Greek people worked with two different concepts of power and powers to keep.

We had two different concepts of power , one inside and the other one outside. One was called the power and the other one was called the main power. Power , it 's a rates and gives birth to all the powers that we call Crash , like the democracy. The other one was the main power that was called a hay.

And that 's what we have calling everything , arch , anarchy , oligarchy. And these two kind of powers divided themselves to the external and internal. One is the one that tries to take power over the others to tell them how to roll their lives according to what are their own expectations or perceptions of the truth. The inside is the one that is an axis that is trying to be example and not a ruler , not a leader.

And we are trying to activate that power , the power of the centre to be some another power of telling the others what is the good thing to do. The Greek used to call to the system of the power of the self as anarchy. Anarchy means the main power of the oneself. But if that oneself is uncovered , it 's conscious , it can come in.

At eternity. At a dictatorship. The other way to do the anarchy , but from the self in consciousness with awareness is with the being connected and spirit soul and body as one. The entity.

So in week was called on to class. Usually now we 're history , we were involved through revolutions. In those revolutions we usually create the idea that we need to create a new power. But that new power is never from within.

It 's always trying to build a new one outside. Today , politics is all about. Campaign. After campaign in a battle.

To gain territory. Today , politics is all about. To convince the other of my own idea. To try to force the others to leave according to my own idea.

And this battle is not about politics. It 's not about the politicians. It 's about us. We are the ones doing this that I just explained.

Politicians are humans. They are only the ones that represent each one of us. We are the ones doing things. That I explained day after day.

It 's us day by day who are trying to convince the others to live according to us to what we believe , to what we expect. If we keep judging politicians we will never create the real politics. And today , I had to experience that myself. How I do that.

And after six months , I was not able to handle and say about it. So I said , The Iron Path is not to speak about politics , Right or left , Communism or capitalism or to criticize and teach them. It is about to understand. If we are able to govern ourselves or not.

The migration for today is by. The statement for today is I am conscious essence. The goal for today is carbon. In life , it 's the second most abundant element for it 's for it 's the key of life itself.

Carbon , see. It 's a chemical element that constitutes the creation of life in size to stars. Then when they explore , they feel space with asteroids and comets full of it. When submitted to high levels of pressure , it 's in terminal , in diamonds and crystals that combine with other elements , sustain biology in all its range.

Thus related with the Earth element. Forces in the breathing , as you carry the body acknowledging each part of the body. My decor of my body was the vehicle. It was my spirit and soul.

And I picture my soul with the core of this body and the spirit. The identity from the third eye. I used my imagination to picture on the huge ocean of my subconscious. And my body is the sheep.

It 's about the sailing in the waves. I used my imagination to picture on the waves. I used my imagination to picture on the waves. My spirit is a captain of this boat.

And my soul is a compass. I pair attention now to the people that is inside the boat. I am taking the ship. I recognize that all this passengers in my boat are those I govern.

Are those I can with me to my destiny. And I question myself , what is my destiny? Where is my north? Am I able to know where I am heading to?

Am I taking people with me? Or am I grabbing them and forcing them to come with them? I recognize the north. I ask myself if I am able to govern myself to reach it.

I see the light of the lighthouse shining. The light of the consciousness , the conscious calling me awakening the essence. The self-government and the heavy government on the world is to this restore the consciousness of the essence of the essence of my own government and the I govern myself. I am going to be able to govern through the consciousness.

I am the conscious essence. I am the conscious essence of my own government and the I govern myself to reach it. I am the conscious essence of my own government and the I govern myself to reach it. I am the conscious essence of my own government and the I govern myself to reach it.

I am the conscious essence of my own government and the I govern myself to reach it. I am the conscious essence of my own government and the I govern myself to reach it. I see you come back here now to deep breath and start to carry the body bringing all these consciousness to each part of it. I think you have a body that is always there.

We connect from here from looks or in the city of light. See you tomorrow at the same time as always.