I have to do everything I hope this one you will. After all the expressions that I had today to clean up many of the things that I had inside , I was finally able to start to be , to start to express my art from inside , but I 'd clearly , my inside was so horrible , that moment that the event that I was doing with Ilina Hills saying English , Plastilina , like Mold , Golden thing , it 's clearly horrible and scary , mostly scary. So , yes. Let 's go to the topic.

I will remind you that we are in the emotional week in the day of the throw chara related to the month of areas. So , today the topic is to set free. If I do n't show the board , it 's because there 's nothing really interesting to show , it 's just that I use. So , I can focus.

So , to set free is not related to the touchment. It 's a completely different thing. It 's not that. Set free is about precisely that to set something free.

It 's not to let go. It 's not to the touch of something. It 's about simply to set something free. That 's the clearly origin of this expression.

So , let 's go into what it means to set free and why it 's necessary to set free. So , remember , we are the construction of vibration , energy and matter. So , even if I separate the things like this in these three concepts , I want for you to remember that we have spoken about this in previous videos that these are not three different things. That this is only one thing expressed manifested in three ways.

Exactly the water is in the shape of gas , of liquid and solid. The being is also in the three aspects. But the three are the same thing. So , the vibration weighs is the one that creates the energy.

And the energy is the one that creates the matter. It 's not that the vibration creates energy and energy creates matter. It 's a consequence. The vibration becomes energy , the energy becomes matter.

So , now we can understand , for example , that in vibration we have , we can have many different chords , strings , that are vibrating in resonance to one and out. So , as we can see here , the vibration that is created by these strings , are manifested in energy by the positive and the negative that shares that animation because of the pulses , the electrical , the charges of this data. So , this positive and negative when they get the order , when the energy starts to get in order , what happens is that they create molecular structures , yeah , molecular structures like this one or the base of life like this shape , one in citizen , timing and adenine for the NA , for example. So , what could happen here is if that one of these strings starts to violate in a low vibration , they can start to create resonance with other ones and start to curl one another , creating a knot.

This knot can , for example , create this resonance , making that some of the ones that before used to be positive become negative , with which this trigger is broken. So , when we start to feel here when it broke , when it breaks , is then we start to be ill , sick. So , what is now a conflict in the genetics or in physical aspect , it came from a problem in the energy of our body that came from a conflict in the resonance in the harmony. So , why a change of vibration can happen because of what we leave our daily experience.

What we experience every day takes us to evaporated in a certain vibration that takes us to leave where we experience every day. So , the state of our vibration is the according to where we believe what we feel , what we say , what we do. It is related to the actions and the beliefs that we have over those actions. Our perception of the world allows the world to change our vibration.

A person that is watching all the time , negative things of the world , will leave negative things of the world. And why is this? Because whatever violates and resonate in our daily life goes to the energetic level. The level of vibration is related to the beliefs , the thoughts and the perception of things.

The level of vibration is the one that analyzes and reflect on the things. This is why the level of vibration is related to the spiritual world and also to the mental aspect of the being. The energy to go level of the being is related with the emotions and so the soul of the being. What does the soul , the soul , interprets in pulses , in electrical pulses , what the spirit is receiving.

And those things that are interpreted by the spirit and translated in energy by the soul , and modify and manifest in the body. So the spirit is constantly observation , observing the possibilities of what exists. The energy , the soul , is the one that interpreted these perceptions , interpretive them and express them. And the body in the matter is the one that manifests that aggression or acts or reacts to that expression.

So we can say that whatever happens to our body is related to the 90 % of what is happening in the energy. And of course , 100 % let 's say of what is happening in the vibration. So the state of energy does n't answer the accidents for example , but the state of vibration does answer the reason of an accident , for example. So whenever we feel affected by something , critics that someone does to us or , or even by some witchcraft or something like this , some spells that someone can do to us that affects by vibration.

So what does this mean that I am in the same state of vibration that does , that those things that I 'm receiving. So basically , would be that just to let you know , if we have this conflicts of , but what happens when an accident happens or this is provoked by something from the outside or by something wrong in the outside. I remind you , I 've been speaking eight months that everything is one that vibration energy and matter is not different from every living being is the body of the entire universe. The vibration is waves on the big ocean , the energy , the currents on this ocean , the matter is the same universe.

So it 's all , it 's the whole , it 's not separate. So whatever comes to our life , it is our life itself , it 's not separate , do n't blame something on the outside. So of course that it may be difficult to get this image , but the things that happens to us happens to us , to us , what it means that is happening to us all the time. Why in the same house are people that are living one thing and people that are living other thing in the same house.

And so different ways. Why? Because what happens to you is what happens to you , that the things that goes through you , this means that whatever is happening to you is part of your wave because everything is a constant in the universe. So there 's nothing to blame outside.

What we really can do according to change the outside for those things to not happen to us is to tune ourselves into an vibration. So those things can not happen to us again. So remember that everything is vibration. So if I want to change my vibration in order to be something different , to leave something different , what I have to tell , pay attention to is how is my life?

What am I consuming from life? What am I expecting from life? How is my life right now? And there I can start to observe what are the things that hold in one vibration.

So to seem to notice to tune this is simply to do little changes sometimes. For example myself , this past week I 've been watching the news every day all the time. I will cop and I was watching the news trying to see what was happening. And I had a horrible week.

I could n't do anything. I was tired. My energy was so low. And this morning I decided not to see the news and to put some humor and stuff to my good love.

And I was able to paint. I was able to do many things to do exercise. It 's happy the whole day. So just because of a little tuning.

So sometimes it 's not about how to tune myself. Should I go to a R with crystal balls or whatever? No , it 's not that. It 's just simple things.

Simple as watching humor instead of news. It 's just to pay attention to what are the things that low your energy. For those who even though we are inside this system already and we have lived all this kind of low vibrational things. We have already in our energy and the energy stored this information in the matter , making it stop , making it sick.

And we have these things. We have to start to let go that energy in order to regenerate the system. And how do I set free this energy? Well , it 's not about let go that energy and go away.

And to use it again in a different way. So the example I will use would be like the trees during the autumn the fall. The trees fall down to the floor. The trees does n't get rid of the leaves letting them go away.

The leaves just set free. The leaves the trees set the leaves free so they can fall into the roots and be used again in a different way. So what what happened here with this energy that is stuck getting ill. Getting our bodies ill is that energy got stuck because of the knots of the vibration. So the vibrations start to entangled and starts to stuck inside.

So it creates tension between the different parts which in the energetic level creates pressure. So now let 's see how this goes. The tension , tension , pressure. So what I have here is that for example if I have the circle in the vibrational level , I will have that each one of the objects will create tension.

So this is the tension between the polities in order to work. So this is the tension and now the pressure will be created in the center where all the opposites get together. So this is the difference between the tension and the pressure. So in the physical body , the physical aspect , tension of the vibration , the pressure of the energy will create when we call here a chara.

So basically a chara works because of the tension of opposites and the pressure of the energy. So now what happens when the tension breaks down breaks the tension. So there is this pull through where the pressure is going out. This creates a loss of energy.

So because of the break of the tension , this energy that is getting lost here is trying to look to find the balance in another chara. So this here that we have here makes that pressure of a chara goes out. Calling this expression. The expression is the pressure that goes out.

So there are two types of expression. One expression that goes in this way in between the charts. So creates the true shape. There is of course the other kind of expression that looks like this.

Can you get the image? So expression is equal tension plus pressure. But this expression can be manifested in waste , one positive the other negative. So the positive one is the one with the total shape in which each one of the charts are sharing the energy through tension and pressure.

That 's what we call the Kundalini energy that moves through tension and pressure into each chara. And one of the charts shares that that 's an information expressing to one another. So that creates the expression that manifests the expression that helps you to manifest the potentially of your being to create. And then we have the negative.

So the negative way would be when the charts are different , are separated to one another and express themselves not connected in line in access in coherence. But they express their energy hurting the self , hurting all the other like person A and person B. Of our two types of expression. So there is no way this is in the negative way.

It 's because what we used to do is instead of allowing ourselves to release , to let free , to set free. My energy to transform , when we do it to storage that information , to keep it for ourselves. We give that to ourselves. This is what eventually end up hurting others and hurting ourselves.

So basically , would be this. All the expressions of our being are assigned through strings of vibration. So if we are speaking about strings , chords that connects the energy of our body. So the best expression that we have in order to manifest this is by the vocal chords our mouth , the words , the sounds that we can do.

So all the energy that we usually storage in our body usually goes out through the word. And those who can not speak , they have other ways of communication , hands , the eyes. So when our checkers accumulate that energy , they are like the leafs of the trees that need to be released , the need to be set free from us. So now for example , me , the person be , can release myself through in all the , to the person A.

So I can release all the tension in me and it 's storage now in the first A. Related with this , because that 's what we usually do. But the other option is that I shut myself up , I do n't take anything to anyone. And I keep it all for myself.

For sure , this you also know. In any way , this end up affecting us. And of course , end up hurting me even if I leave all to the other person because when I leave everything to the person A , what happens is that I do n't have anything. I lose all the energy , I do n't have my own energy.

So according to my own state of vibration , there will come a person C to deliver me , it 's on sheet. So I can fill up the energy that I miss. Also happen. So basically , this option , neither of these options are good.

I have to go into this option , which is to share my own shit with myself. Basically , that would be to create compose. So in order to do this , I have to let myself talk , say , express what I have accumulated inside all the energies that are not good for me. I have to release it.

So in order to reactivated this , what you do is to express , to shout , to blame , to say all the bad words you can release all this tension that you have inside with your own yourself. Not to say to anybody yourself. And when you just threw that all the way , you just breath deep and you bring all that information that energy again inside but regenerated thinking that that 's the fuel energy. And here I would love to say something.

The bad words are also words and there are packages of energy and information that can be used to release the tension. So use them. Do n't come saying , I 'm too much spiritual to say , about words or that 's not good or whatever. We are talking about energy , not morals here.

Words are energy. So just say them , express them and so on. Okay , use them for your own. So for example , what you do is not to say these two other people , you just go and take a pillow and heat the floor with the pillow as many times you need and start to shout and to say all the bad words that you can possible say.

Release all this tension and energy and then in the same spot , you just breathe all that energy like compose for hours of your chest. So why we have to reach that point of heat in something because we did n't do the job which was to release these things slowly and patiently. Okay , that would be. Oh , how easy start to learn how to say yes , how and when to say no , how to put limits.

So that 's why we have to learn how to set three the energy. So let 's go to the information for today. The , the vibration is red. The statement for today is I am coherent with them.

The code for today is the sun. Means glow and it 's the biggest star of the solar system. Located in the center and the closest star to our world , it is positioned 150 million kilometers from our planet and is the main and meter of electromagnetic waves that keep all the planets orbiting around itself in its birth generated the worlds that surrounds us. Being the axis of everything this way it represents the image of the father of God of light and for that all the living being need.

It 's energy to live and at the same time it 's the path to follow the base of all our biological and cultural religious perceptions. And I want to mention something more that just came up to my head. So the other thing that I wanted to say is that I did n't seen this past time that some people follow me and not the I am there. This is the of the I am not.

It 's not me. So I did n't seen people that are here because of me because there are projections on me and this is not a path of my own. So this is about the I am even if I share my life I speak about these things. It 's not about me.

And I 've seen people disappearing when I show myself like Matias and I am. I 've seen people like saying oh or having problems with me and they just stop doing everything of the I am. And that 's weird because that means that you were not working for I am that you were here because of me. So just wanted to clarify this and to make that point , okay , just for everyone to.

To think properly if you are here because of the I am or you are here because of me. If you are here because of me. Do n't lose your time because I 'm going to be a fraud for you eventually. So do n't lose your time because I 'm going to the fraud you.

So if you 're for the I am perfect. Let 's keep learning together. Is it comfortable? Close our eyes.

We concentrate now we 're breathing. I have to go out. I have to go out. I have to go out.

I become aware of the space around me and the body that I am. I have served in front of me the light of my soul in the shape of a divine spark. I take care of the energy of this divine spark to make ground chara. I take you moment to think about all the ideas.

About me and the world that I want to let to set free. When I am in the night to the spark in my crown chara , I set free. The same is the divine spark to my third eye. I take you moment to think about all the thoughts that I want to set free of my life.

When I am in the night to my third eye , I set free. I have to send this divine spark to my third chara. I take you moment to think about all the truth eyes that I want to set free. When I am in the night to the third chara , I set free.

I have to send this divine spark to my heart. I take you moment to think about all the emotions and feelings that I want to set free. When the night is parting my heart , set free. I send this part to my places.

I take you moment to think about all the things from myself that I have set free. I take you moment to think about all the things that I want to set free. I have to send this spark to the chara. I take you moment to think about all the desires that I want to set free.

I take you moment to think about all the things that I want to set free. I take you moment to think about all the things that I want to set free. I send this divine spark to my root chara. I take you moment to think about all the things that I are useless for me.

I take you moment to think about all the things that I want to set free. I take you moment to think about all the things that I want to set free. I take you moment to think about all the things from trauma that I want to set free. I take you moment to think about all the things that I want to set free.

I send this divine spark to my feet. I take you moment to think about all the intentions and purposes that I want to set free. I take you moment to think about all the things that I want to set free. I take you moment to think about all the things that I want to set free.

I take you moment to think about all the things that I want to set free. I take you moment to think about all the things that I want to set free. I am the coherent system. I take you moment to think about all the things that I want to set free.

Thank you everybody for being here.