Morning , good afternoon , good evening. I 'm like this because I was laying down in the floor outside releasing the mind. Another intent of areas. Today 's today of the Stockholm chara in the emotional week of areas and our topic for today is struggle.

We can also say fight but it 's not the right meaning. So let 's say struggle. Just I want to let you know before everything that I had how this path is going to end but for me I guess that the part of the I am is making me say so many things and to work so many things that I guess that at the end of this year I do n't know if I 'm going to be a very in-axis person or a very horrible person. I do n't really know.

So just to let you know. So what I 've been thinking and going through this week is become aware of something that we usually do when we are in this kind of spiritual path and trying to reach a consciousness which is this idea that we have to behave very peacefully that we do n't have to say anything to fight or to keep the calm constantly all the time that we should not get mad or other or not to do something that is outside the spiritual peace and love and all this kind of things and try to to be in the center but as I 've been watching and understanding this days no this is not really a definition of being really in the spiritual path and something that make could help us to understand this is topic for today. So but when we start to go in these topics and we understand that we are here humans with people we exist because of these fights because of these struggles that we have through our history throughout the created our countries , our nations , our cultures everything was created because of these struggles and this is not only human nature is nature itself. In the world of insects in the world of plants in the world of minerals and mammals and reptiles all of us in nature are constantly struggling we are fighting to survive.

The only thing that we humans have done with this is to put a culture and ethics and morals on this that 's the only difference that we have done. The thing is that the struggle in nature is related with two specific things which is one reduction and the other one defense. So all beings in nature willing to survive are trying to fight every day for these two concepts to reproduce is to transcend the beings are in need of transcendence and to protect themselves is because we want to stay alive as long as possible. So these two things made us strive every day made us fight with environment in order to survive.

So eventually the living beings when they start to do is that in order to thrive in order to have food space to do the reproduction space to feel secure they start to look for territory so they expand and fight for the territory. And this mechanism that we have is natural is something that we start to do in order to ensure our survival. So this does that every one of the living beings starts to find their own way to make this struggle to go through this struggle. So when it 's humans we start to put culture this pursuit of reproduction , of territory and of defense.

So once the culture starts to organize the territories they start to expand to look for more so they expand they go beyond and they start to acquire territories by fight and that 's what we call the hostile. The hostile will way of fighting. So when I 'm saying hostile this concept for the ancient ones are presented the foreigners which was host , host , the name host , host represented all the people that were from outside and foreign years and when they usually in the past when the people from the foreign lands they used to come it was to comply or to do something wrong. So from that point of view they were coming to occupy the territories so that 's why they were called the hostile.

The hostile are the ones that are that are trying to do something bad from the outside in the inside. But through the centuries we also call the host like someone that we are expecting from the outside to inside like host for example exactly the same word a host coming a host spite a hostile a host vitae so this this words come from this idea of the outside. So basically this concept was referring to the idea of this people , this timely tribes they 're trying to protect the reproduction and defend the territory. So understand how they connected these two topics is because the reproduction , sex and the defense , the fight were kind of the same.

Why the same? Because I do n't need to help you much with the imagination to picture that during the process of sex and during the process of fighting two people are kind of doing weird things with the body like Ben one another and doing weird stuff. So when two people fight and when two people have sex kind of do movements and and I would like to clarify here that I 'm speaking about very ancient people and what I mean very ancient people I mean at time where love was not exactly we refer to today. It was not like sweet and kind and lovely , basically love was kind of a rape because it basically was we have to reproduce.

I know that right now after I produce and let 's do it even if the other person did n't want to do it was something that was must should be done. So that 's why for the old people there was no that love that we know today with the sex. So it was all about heating and grabbing the hair and beating the other ones and you know it was kind of weird and rough. I guess that some people do that still.

So it was kind of like that. This is why sex and fight has the same etymology. So from the word , Léoq comes Luke 's station. So it 's the word Luke 's that means to move to when something bends something.

So Léoq means to bend to bend like this something something that is bending. So when you bend something again something and so on. So so this is why bending also gives that idea of bend something like this. So that 's why Léoq was the original of Luke 's looksation that is when two bones separate from each other and they do n't connect.

So they bend. So that would be. So from the word Léoq we have the word Luke 's Sure. That means Luke 's Sure or as English you would say lost meaning that something bends to each other.

Like something is bending one another. Another word that comes from Léoq is Láq Sus which is that is easily bending. So it 's flexible. So it 's Láq Sus something that is flexible.

Léoq that means bend and gives the original of the word Luke 's Sure and Láq Sus flexible and the two of them gives the word in Spanish and in many Latin languages that represents to bend one another and that 's the description of how it was the fights in the moment. Like people were fighting and bending one another with the bodies. So they to um to fight one another. The word Lucha Lúz that comes from this Léoq word which is to bend is related to the flexibility one must have in order to bend itself.

And in English the word this word does n't exist but you have struggle. The word struggle. The word struggle comes from the word strú that comes from the word stéo. So the word stéo means something that is fixed the standing still okay that that 's stéo.

And struggle means that it 's so fixed the break. So the two technologies Léoq which is to bend and stéo that is to fix that to have something fixed are related because one is describing that the problem is to bend and the other one is describing that the problem is that it ca n't bend okay so basically in Spanish and English the people solve different aspects of the same thing you know what I mean so um difficult to be bending and the other one was saying as to bend so kind of like like that um etymology. So why the translation of Lucha in Spanish is not fight why I 'm not speaking about fight here because fight has the same etymology for the word bear in Spanish. So I will explain this.

So the word fight is a bit weird how it became fight but it was plan the all English plan that comes from the word um here in Latin languages which is fails so um so the word describes that people when they were having this struggle one another they were grabbing the hair so fight means to grab the hair of the other person that 's what it really means so it 's this aggression okay so as you see struggle is not related with fight because fight is describing when another one is being aggressive with someone else. When struggle is describing not as treat fight as try to um as treat um fight with other one. Struggle is referred to those situations in which you have to learn to bend yourself to be flexible to the conflicts of it. So from here I wanted to explain to you which is aggression and regression.

The word aggression comes from the word ad genus and regression comes from the word regrets. So agrees means to move forward to what is what what we have to work to move forward to the path we want and regrets comes from the word coming back to do again what we have walked so agrees aggression for English and Spanish both represents today something that is aggressive but in the beginning was related to before and this word was related to the person that without having any um any situation that tells them to react they just move forward. They just moved to the path in the path of path. So that 's why through centuries the word agrees started to become aggression as something to fight because we are being ahead and who and in English the the opposite word of agrees which is regrets get word to red.

Regret. Okay so when you regret something that you have done or that have that has happened. Okay so when you are gray and then you regret okay there would be the origin of the of these two words okay and these two words I am just explaining them because we have to understand that sometimes we become aggressive when we are trying to be loving or yeah loving. So as I was saying aggression is something that we usually do when we invade the space of others trying to convince them that what we see is the right thing and that what we are doing is a good way to do things.

So what we usually do when we try to help someone without the other person asking for help first or ask in the question that 's also a kind aggression even if we are lovely and we are trying to help the other person what we are doing in the space of the other one if the other did n't do the question that 's aggression too. So just wanted to explain this because sometimes we do this thinking that is good for the other while we are doing but it 's not. This is another kind of aggression. So this is why we have to do aggression.

Regression is something that helps us to understand what we have done good , what have we done bad , so on and the process we usually regret what we have done. So these are the two types of struggle that we have. La Lucha at the active struggle in a lucha asia and passive struggle. What we have here with the active struggle is that this struggle is related to the outside , to the exterior.

This means that it 's for to hear and now this place and now. Okay and the goal of this here and now is the transformation the transformation of the environment. Okay. So the passive struggle is related with the inside with interior of the being , an interior of the being which is related to beyond is to look beyond this reality and that 's why the purpose of this , the goal is that illumination illumination.

Okay. So the people that are willing to transform the world to live here to live in this reality and to transform this environment , the world , society , everything that we have here , these people that are trying to live here and now in this world , in this time , will be working for the transformation. So we 'll be facing a lot of problems struggling in this reality , a lot of struggles from the outside that I have faced every day. Okay.

And then we have the passive struggle which is the one that says , I am not going to waste any energy in the outer world. I am not going to fight in this world anymore because I need this this energy. So the only thing that I 'm going to do is to go within , to stay in silence and to have the struggles facing my ego , seeing my soul , my darkness and all these things in order to be able to illuminate myself , to enlighten my being and from there to expand beyond this reality and this world. So in order to not judge things before we judge one of them , both are good , both bad , are okay , it 's perfect.

It does n't matter which one you choose. When this are to good path , you can do them , of course. But when it happened , we start to have some problems with this , when we are only fighting the outside and when we deny the inside struggle or the other way around , when we struggle in the inside and we deny the fighting the outside , both of them are needed in order to be coherent. In order to have a perfect harmony of ourselves , we need these two kind of struggles.

Because when you face this struggles in the outside to solve the problems , if you do n't face the struggles within or you do outside , one have any sense and meaning. And the same way around , when you expand yourself to the universe , if you did n't do anything here , will also be worthless. So for example , if I get the inner fight , sorry , the inner struggle , I go to the universe , the whole , the enlightenment , I become illuminated. What happens when I become illuminated is that everything is spurred , you can not see the ambulance of this part of their universe is impossible to see.

So what we have is a lack of justice or a lack of balance , because we do n't understand what it is meant to be corrected. So what happened is that when there is an injustice , like someone killed somebody or raped somebody from that point of view from the universe , it was just another sale transcluding. It was not a problem. So that would be , I do n't know if you get this example.

In another way , in another hand , the ones that are fighting outside , like the activist or for the rights of whatever , for the or , I do n't know , climate change , all good causes , all good things that you are fighting for , to change , okay , the world. But if you do n't do this inner work within this inner struggle with yourself , you will become that fight once and again , becoming the war itself. Okay , so once again , you will be repeating exactly the same pattern , because the only thing that completes you is fight. So for example , what is happening now is that the world is in an active struggle all the time , because the world is fighting for everything.

Does n't matter what word you say immediately , the world will say , oh , that 's genius , that 's , I do n't know , that 's racist , that 's , I do n't know , everything can be something that you can judge and why , because we are constantly in the outer , active struggle , okay , so the people can not see now the different points of view that maybe other person has the different point of view , and that does n't mean that it 's a game , it 's just a different point of view. So without the inner struggle , we 're going to be in balance never , because we will always see the problem in the other one. So let 's remember how we can become a wise fighter , there 's no word in English for this , the wise struggle , I do n't know , it 's weird , but let 's say , to have a wise struggle , let 's say that. So a wise struggle must be done from three points of view , from the mind , the emotion and the physical , the physical.

So remember , what is the struggle is to learn how to bend , okay , so the task here is to be flexible. So struggle means to know how to bend to be flexible. So that 's why from the mind we will call the wise fight as reflection. To an English is not exactly a reflection , it 's to reflect things to to think about the things , you know , when you think better about the things , emotion is inflection , and the physical is reflection.

So to have the image , if I will fight , if I will face this struggle with this with the fist in front , okay , in the fist , in order to have the strength in the fist , I have to go back and be flexible to flex the arm coming back and to have the power to move forward again , okay , so that 's the image that we can have. So flex , go back and have the strength. So this teaches that in order to face something in front , to move forward , we should not always keep moving ahead. Sometimes we have to move backwards to to go away in order to see a different perspective.

So in the level of the mind , this facing the struggle would be to mind the things , to do a reflection. So to do a reflection is to stop for a while and to think many times about the things that happened and will happen. To have an idea before I say I act , I do something. So we have to think about the things before we have to feature all the points of view , the perspectives before we say something , that 's the reflection , that 's the thinking about to be aware of , okay , that would be the flexibility of the mind.

So in order to not to react to something from my own point of view , the reflection thinking about it in the mind will take me to to maximize the mind , the brain and how that before I say something by reaction , I just to sit down and think about the point of view of all the people involved. So I can have a whole idea of what I 'm going to do next. From the passive point of view of the struggle , what would we do? See down , observe and stay in silence.

And from the active way , we should think about see the point of view of all the people and then to manifest an idea , a word that helps the others to see a different point of view , a different perspective , so we can work the transformation of something outside. Why this is complicated because we have been taught to fight from what we believe and not to fight for what it is. This is why our realities , our life are awful of this fights because we are fighting because of beliefs , not of the things as they are. In the emotional aspect , we have inflection.

Infection is a flexibility that you will do within inside , in reflection. So what this means that what we have to do is to bend ourselves and to change the path of what we have to do in our life. The point of inflection is when you realize that everything that you have done or you have failed until now is wrong or it could be different. So you change that into another path into another action.

And it 's really difficult because it 's emotional because in emotion has been storage all the preconceps of our path and how we think and feel and leave. So this is why the inflection is also treated a point of crisis in our life. It 's a moment in which we bend ourselves and we struggle with the change of our entire perspective. Physically , what it means , reflection.

If I would say all the things that I say like this , the information that I am saying wo n't reach it in the same way. So as I said , in a physical way , if I do like this , information wo n't reach you. But if I start to do this and to speak and I am open constantly and I move and speak with a person and I do the gestures of flexibility , the energy would be different and then the standing will be also different. So when I am flexible when I speak , I 'm not fighting in what I say.

But if I am like this , like military , I will be immediately doing the gestures of fight of going against. But when you start to be flexible with the body , you ensure yourself what you do , what you transmit that you are aware of what you are saying. Basically , what I am here describing is the struggle of the wise one. So the wise struggle would be the one that speaking outside will light the other ones to think about the things , the reflection , to reflect about the things.

We 'll be the one inviting the others to make a point of inflection to change the way they live. I will be the one inviting the others to move , flex with flexibility. So it can break barriers that others have. But in order to change that in the outer world , the wise one has to do this in the inner world first.

This would be the inner struggle in order to face the outer struggle. So what I can take from here is that it is our own decision to decide if we are going to shut up and not say anything when there is a struggle or if I am going to say something to try to change what is outside. When there is a struggle outside , when there is a problem projected in the outside , it means that there is something that we must learn , that we must try and in order to evolve. This means that if that thing is there , it means that we have the tools to face that.

So this means that if we are here for transformation , we should not shut up when we see something that is unfair , something injustice. But it means that when we do the answer , we have first to make a reflection , an inflection , an inflection in order for it not to be a reaction. Yesterday for example , and with this I finished , I saw a comment that made me a moment ago , and I wanted to answer back immediately to that. But there was a moment that I said , no , I want answer like this.

I will have to make a thinking about this before. So I will do this example. I will use this example. So I wanted to say something about this thing , this thing , was the rubbed idea , that yesterday I saw a comment that was bothering me , and that I felt like I had to answer back , because it was an awful comment.

And sadly , I thought to myself , wait , I have to think about this. And because immediately what came to my mind was all this ideas , these thoughts that usually a lot of people were sharing to me , and I agree with that , is that do n't waste your energy , trying to answer to people that just do this kind of comments or whatever. So I agree with that. It 's like , I do n't want to give this energy , my energy , to just try to talk to one person and try to solve a problem or to say something that would be waste energy , of course.

And suddenly when I started to reflect about this , would to think about this , I said , wait a moment , there are two ways of using this energy. I would waste the energy if I answered back as a reaction to this person for what that person said. So I would be wasting that energy , because I would be just throwing all the effort , the effort to to try to answer back to only one person. But what I can do is the opposite.

What I can do is just to think to make a mind or reflection of what that person said , think about do this reflection and then make a point of inflection in which I decide to share a new idea of to answer back , but not to the person , but to all of you or to all of people. Like using the energy of that conflict in order to teach something that is productive. So you change that , which is the point of inflection of thing. And then you make the move , the reflection of sharing it in a different way , relaxed.

So that would be an example of how to manage that energy , and not to think that you 're wasting your time when you answer back. So I 'm one of those persons that usually do n't answer do n't do those things , answer back or fight or whatever. So if you have follow , I never do those things. I only did this week to answer back to some things , because I was asked to by my higher self to do it in order to practice this.

To practice that is not a waste of time to put this energy in the others when you take it in order to educate and to share the point of you and to make an inflection of this. I just , I just know that I spoke too much , but I guess that this is something that it really was needed to be spoken , because the time is all about this. This time that we are leaving is all about judging everything , everyone , all the time , once or another. We are losing ourselves because of this.

I 've been I 've been reading right now here in some of the comments that there 's so many ego , a lot of ego here and it 's like , yes , otherwise it would be without ego. So it 's okay to have ego , do n't worry. So there was someone , yes , they also said that what my reaction from yesterday was showing my Argentinian ego. So that was a bit synophobious from that person , but to qualify a whole nation of being selfish , but yeah , we have that.

But anyway , the thing is that we are doing that. We are judging all the time each one of us about whatever. And I guess that is important to understand to know that we have to learn to do this reflection , inflection , and reflection in order to have the proper fight. Let 's say.

Um , so I know that I speak too much , but just you have to know that in in three months , I just disappear and I stopped doing this. So , so no more. The vibration for today is Rui. The statement for today is I am the creator with them.

The code for today is Earth. The next planet is the Earth. The same size as Venus , but it has oceans of water and mobile contexts , where each bios here develops. It 's name indicates its name indicates its main characteristic from a human point of view.

Life comes from the mix of water and clay , the fertile mud , where all things grow from the Latin human , origin of the word human , it comes from fertile land , our world is the only one capable of hosting life in our system and is the seed of the potential of the galaxy. I become aware of the space , find myself in the body that I inhabit on my freedoms. I observe in front of me the light of my consciousness , my soul in the shape of a divine spark. You can I. I attract this light to my crown chapter , and I ignite it in my crown.

I think about the biggest struggle that I have regarding my beliefs. I recognize reflect on it to the inflection and the flex to the outside , taking this part to my third eye. I take a moment to think about the greatest , biggest , strong that I have regarding my thoughts. I make a reflection about it.

I do the inflection within and expand this part with reflection. I descend this part to my third chapter. I think a moment about my biggest struggle related to my truth. I do reflect about this.

I reflect within and I expand this part to the outside fleeing. I descend this part to my heart. I take in moments of thinking about my biggest struggle regarding my feelings. I do a reflection about this.

I make an inner reflection and I do the reflection expanding this part to the outside. I descend this part to my flees. I recognize for the moment what the biggest struggle with myself. I do a reflection about this.

Then an inner reflection. I expand fleeing towards the outside. I descend this part to my second. I take a moment to think about my biggest struggle to be able to create.

I make a reflection of this and inner inflection. I descend this part to the outside fleeing myself. I descend this part to my root chara. I think about the biggest of the struggles regarding the reality that is around me.

I reflect about this. I do a tiny reflection and expand the balance part to the outside with a sledge suit. I descend this joint to my knees. I recognize the biggest of the struggles related to my family.

I do a reflection about this. A tiny lecture within. And I expand to the world 's advanced part with a legion. I descend this device apart to my feet.

And I think about what is the biggest of most struggles to be able to follow my path to be free. I make a reflection about this. I realize an inflection. I expand this device apart to the world by.

I take a deep breath , expand the device apart towards all directions of my being. I developed a forecast on the forest and trail. Oiieiited this I am the creator of Wisdom. I am the creator of Wisdom.

I am the creator of Wisdom. I am. I am. I am.

I am. I am. I am. Thank you everybody for being here as always.

See you tomorrow. I am the same time.