Hi everyone , morning and good afternoon , good evening. I hope this sign you well. Again , a new change in place. There 's a lot of noise , so I do n't know if you 're listening to it.

Well , aside , I told you yesterday , this month of cancer , it would be very deep and hard for me , at least. And I think you can notice about it , because basically I am embracing the idea of the concept of the month in me. So you actually can tell that. So the first thing that I would like to share with all of you is about a concept that I have written about and some people maybe could misunderstood and that maybe it could be helpful for you to understand when I am writing about a specific concept as information as a data , or when I am expressing something from the inside point of view , my own point of view.

So what I wanted to share is about being a mistake. I wrote about me myself feeling that I was a mistake. And that is not a fact. I know that is not a fact.

And I think all of you and the people that were writing to me saying you 're not a mistake , you 're not an error. I think all these messages , they actually I also can tell why I am not an error , why I am not a mistake. But one thing is what we know will we believe and the other thing is what we feel. So what I was sharing was how my body feels was how my inside myself were feeling.

So what the I am said to me about being a error , being a mistake is that ever is a evolution because everything that exists is basically a mistake is a proof is trying to make something and you have no idea if it 's going to work or not is to try to make something. So that would be an error. So all nature is making mistakes constantly. Everything that exists is a mistake.

But it takes improved evolution that helps things to transform. So any mistake that we think we are is basically a proof of evolution. Because what we are trying to do by acknowledging we are mistake is to improve. It 's to do something better , transcendental for the future.

We leave our lives thinking that we are chose and we have a purpose that we have come to do something great. And when we realize that we are just a mistake of nature , it moves us. But we understand that that mistake is full of keys to make something transcendental , improve to do something better. So one of the things that hurts and hurt me from yesterday is that myself , I was living through purposes and trying to make something great.

And to be living in memories and all that. And besides that acknowledge the true nature of our reality which is kind of a mistake of biology , it hurts. It 's like breaking with so many preconceptions that we have of the ideas and beliefs that I myself had in my life. And not something that brings us to a nonsense like if we do n't mean anything to the universe , it does n't take any importance of everything that we do and we have done or what we believe.

It actually empower it. But by giving importance and responsibility to ourselves to create what we believe in. So actually. Our normal belief of having a purpose that someone or something has given to us in another level of business.

The belief that there is someone or something greater that. Brought here to do something. Take us the power to be asked the ones who are able to change our life. The universe is proving is trying to do what it can to discover itself and we are a test and essay of how to do it.

It proves that we are the only ones that are responsible to change and to transform that into another level. And I share this not because maybe maybe this is my own existential crisis and I do n't and maybe you are not feeling the same. But the reason why I share this is not because I want for you to know my existential crisis or because I want you to. Let me say my advice of how to feel.

I am doing this to show that it is fine to have existential crisis that is fine to be sad and to feel low emotions like sadness. It 's not the bad thing. Something that sometimes we need. This is why today the topic is the rain because the rain is a precipitation and precipitation comes from the Latin word that I keep it.

That means to put the head ahead to put the head in front. Which is related to the falling of the rain from the skies and it 's a moment of condensation. The precipitation is like the biggest moment of condensation when water or snow or. Or ice falls from the sky.

And it means that moment when everything into density and falls down to the ground. That 's why we call. The rain as precipitation. So the I am today was writing about.

The importance of rain which is not only about raining and sadness is about life. Basically when the water falls down to the ground it creates a life. Life was able because of water and every time it rains it helps the plants and us to have food. So it 's something really important for the waters to fall.

So we need the water falling from the skies. So the psychological point of view from us watching staring the rain is how the rains is similar to crying. When we cry the tears from our eyes through this side of the cheeks and goes straight to the sky. So we can drink the tears and we would say that when we cry the tears goes to the mouth and they are watering.

They are watering our words , our intentions , our verbs. Meaning each one of the words , each warm of our sentences are like seeds. Like seeds that need to be watered for you to grow. And of course we need also the sun.

We need clear moments to feed the words. But also we need the nutrients that are brought by the water. So we can cry of happiness. We can cry of happiness.

But it 's important to cry. It 's important to let the tears fall down. And it 's important to understand that in the same way as nature needs presentations. We also need to participate.

And perhaps you do n't have to feel like this today. Like I am feeling. Perhaps you just find an environment. You will feel like this.

And what I want to share with this is that it 's fine to be like this. It 's fine to feel sadness or this kind of things. We have been a long time as a humanity trying to to pull back this feeling like not crying. Trying to hide this feelings like me myself.

I was doing for a long time too. Trying to hide in my case through silence , through not sharing. That 's my thing. It 's one has its own way of sharing this or not knowing how to get out from this.

But the important thing about this is not to get out from this state. It 's not to fall into this state. It 's about how to flow in this state to allow yourself to feel. To accept , to understand and become aware being in this state.

Today it was really in some comments that for me were a bit funny because usually it 's the same people all the time that are following everything. But usually when it 's about mental moments like , Gemini , they used to say , you 're being to mental. You 're to intellectual and you should be much more sensitive. And the sensitive months arrived like this one.

They kind of ride like , you 're pushing to heart. I do n't know why you are making yourself feel like this or blah blah blah. So it 's fine because I do n't know how I should feel. I do n't know what is the point that others are expecting me to feel.

And it 's funny because it 's funny to think that there are people that always know what the other is feeling or show. It 's amazing to feel that to see how other people think to know how I should feel. So some could say that maybe I have to deal with this because I do n't know what to do. I have to deal with this because I 'm a public person and the die.

That I should know that if I had my life , others would criticize or comment about it. And no , I do n't accept that because this is the month of cancer and it 's my life. And the only reason why I share this so personal feelings and things is because I believe in my heart that to be a teacher and master. It 's about to show as an example.

It 's trying to be an example. So that 's why I share my own things. And not to point into others to say what you should do. That 's why I expose my life.

That 's the only reason. I said once when I 'm getting this path , I share a story that I said that while I was filming the remember and the documentary. I was in very much doubt of if I was supposed to share my life with others or not because it would expose my life too much. And one of the guides that a master from the mountains said to me , you already are a tool.

So it 's not that you exist from one side and you have a life and then you have your mission. Your mission is your life and your life is basically a tool to be shown as an example. So in that moment I understood that I have to show my life. I have to share my life as a tool.

And many of us , our lives are just an example for others. So whatever you are doing , perhaps is an example for people around. And that 's what I wanted to do. So what we are doing here besides someone teaching and someone learning.

Or sharing information. We are kind of building something that we could family. A big family. Making honor to this month of cancer.

We can say that we are here sharing how we feel. What we can give to the others. And I guess in somehow that 's what we are building. So knowing that if you see me today like slow and at.

It 's actually because I feel like that. And I do n't feel like that because I am. Going through that process. No.

I feel like this because I 'm just allowing myself conscience. I feel like I 'm expressing what I feel. I feel like I 'm expressing what I feel. I feel like I 'm expressing what I feel.

And I feel like I 'm trying to adapt to that subconscious feeling. And I feel like I 'm trying to adapt to that. And because I have my cancer in. Mercury in cancer.

I usually. Cover all the things that I. I 'm not saying that I must share. With teachings. And trying to teach to others.

And I think that 's what I 'm saying. And I think that 's what I 'm saying. I think that 's what I 'm saying. That hurt to one another.

To be able to be able to express what was. We were able to express what we had in our subconscious. As I said about this week being. The subconscious.

Conscious is connected to the body to the cells. And it 's my body the one that was feeling bad. It 's my body that. Was feeling that.

It is mistake. It 's not me. It 's not my mind or my. Or my soul.

My mind and emotion. My soul and spirit. They. They know that they have a purpose.

They know the coherence of all this. They have a mission. They know. But I could never understood why.

Even if I was doing everything. What I was supposed to. I was feeling sad within. I was feeling like.

With a very low emotion that I could n't really understand. And yesterday. Yesterday. I was in the mirror.

And I was feeling. It was my body the one feeling wrong. It was my body the one that. It was feeling mistake.

So I had to let. The body the subconscious to. To express that. To express that feeling.

So this is why. Today speaking with my mom. I was able to cry. I was able to let.

Go out without any judgment. The emotions that my body was feeling. So because the body is much more slower than the mind. For sure I will need.

A few more ways to feel. Actually. Complete again. It hurts.

So what I am feeling. What I. I 'm experiencing. Is something that. It 's cleaning and letting go.

A part of me a part of. The memory of my body that. Was willing to. I 'm living a different way.

And. And now. Somehow. I asked to.

I have to let it die. I always knew that. In my 33 years old. I had to.

That. A part of me die. And. I think that.

What I 'm what I am living now. With the month of cancer is the dual. Is. Letting go.

So this is. It 's so important to. Let it cry. So the tears.

Can. What their disease? So what happens after the seats up the body. The.

I am a 2015 late frame , today is. A journal of my father. CHEYAH.