Unaware of the space that surrounds me. The body that I inhabit on my own briefings. I use my imagination to picture this space around me , expand towards the infinite , creating a dark , deep , void. I perceive myself , levitating in the middle of this space of this void.

Now that you have no space , I just have to do a tiny thing in them. I always set up a new space for a这么 world , butsmEL. Very softly and slow , I start to stretch my body , I 'm racing the space as if I am dancing. Slow , I start to come back to myself , set me in the same way , and a fits-all position , hardly my legs , if I can , or just hug in my body , or hold in my hands , sitting like this , I recognize myself as a seed , rotating in the deep space , recognizing myself as a seed of the universal tree of the tree of life.

I 'm racing the space as if I am dancing. Slow , I contemplate a little coming from above , surrounding my entire body. I acknowledge how this ray of light becomes a big drop of water , draw up a water and light descending towards me. I can perceive how this big drop of water reaches my crown on the top of my head , and the sense all around my body towards my step on through my throat , through the heart , through the plexus , and starts to be absorbed by the creative source of my sub room.

I can perceive the creative source inside of me , resounding with all creation , awakening the energy in me , with abundance , give this strength to be able to manifest and create the matter. My reality , I take softly my hands to my second , from there I take the energy of creation , takes the matter out of me to manifest the power of the mother in me. I race it up , making my hands into leaves and my feet into roots , expanding this mother. And I become myself the tree of life , the mother that creates all realities , I become the matrix.

All matter comes from me , all matter is the spirit manifested , dream made into reality. And the origin of the matrix , and the origin of the matrix , I am the origin of the matrix , I am the origin of the matrix. I am all the matter that I have , I have the turn of me , I have the mother in me , I have , I have , I have , I have , I have , I have , the creator matrix in me. I take the breath and each one at its own time , come back here and now.

And for those who are following the task for the moment , you take all this energy , you put it into the water , and then you put it in the seats that we saw. Thank you everybody for being here another day and it 's always here tomorrow at the same time.