Hi everyone , I hope you are okay the same as me as you can see. Do n't worry , it 's not COVID. This is because I 've been like three hours under the sun and I drank no water and I got ill of sun , I do n't know how to say it in English , but it 's only that. So it has n't been of course only the sun , of course I. .

. it 's been many things , lots of processes , so it 's also because of that , of course. Of course I 'm not going to be for a long time today because I 'm not energetically able to whole , to sustain , so I have to rest , but I want to leave you without any explanation of the information of today , so you can do your homework at the ligament. So today is another wedding , but I was n't able to go outside the room , so if you hear the music , so just use it for the alignment.

Welcome to the month of Libre , and I of course , of course I am trying to be my balance. So this month is I balance , so that 's the mantra we are going to use. So I balance , so what we are going to do this whole month is to balance the different aspects that may as be from the mind , the emotion and the body , the physical. So today related with the Crown Chakra , we are going to work with the balance between the eternal and the finite.

So basically one of the main things that we have to understand from this concept is that we usually divide them into like saying that the universe is infinite is eternal , but we are limited , so we are finite. So basically the concept of us being something finite comes from the perception of the ego of the self that is trying to survive. So this is why when we die , we have created this idea that we go into heaven that is infinite. So this is the idea of heaven that we have created , but the universe is not divided between the infinite and the finite realities.

It 's all the same thing , it 's all one together. So the way we can try to understand or picture from our point of view how the universe works is like a pendulum that just goes creating a mandal like constantly never stopping and pushed by the inertia of its own strength. So this circuit is not never ends , so the only thing that it does is to is to make the movement , it is changing the movement or the directions where it is heading to. So from where the concept of finite of something that ends come from , so it comes from the movement of this pendulum going to the edge of the strength , and in that moment when it stands , it starts to go back and this gives us the impression that is ending something.

So what we have to acknowledge is that this movement is just like make you feel that it 's ending , but it is still moving all around constantly. So this is what the eternal circuit is doing. What really means the process of finite is to , it 's the process that we should call the return to the origin. So this is another concept that we usually have that is to go back home , the return to the origin.

So basically the concept of coming back is not something that only happens when you die. It also happens when your entire self says I kind of keep moving by this path. I have to go back. I have to try to go back home.

The problem is that usually the concept of ending your life to come back to home is exactly the same because when you project that , you think that coming back home is the end. Just that. So remember it 's not like that , it 's constant. The only thing that we do is to change the perception.

So the sentence for today would be we are finite living beings that we live in an eternal movement. So basically where we have to understand is that this is not the process of duality that we may call things that end and things that are eternal. No , it 's a constant movement , a constant movement that goes and goes back once again. So what we have to find is the balance between where we believe are separated.

We are not eternal but we are not think it. So the problem emerges when we start to try to get away from death or try to get away from the eternity without acknowledging that this is an eternal movement constant. So I do n't want to speak anymore because now I 'm having more much fever and I guess that that I will start to be delusion. So remember the information for today.

So today the Crown Chakra related to Libre , the vibration of today is more and the statement is I am destiny of all divinity as we have said before. So the code for today is the physical pattern related to the sound , and it says all the living beings have a path marked for them. But everyone sorry , everyone 's in a while we can get lost among the diverse paths , walking on those that do n't belong to us. The interweaving of paths is called the web.

It 's like a huge spider , a huge spider web that connects all destined for all constitute the purpose. However , we should acknowledge which one is our own. And by doing it , we will give coherence to those that surround us. The S is the sound of the web that can guide , sorry , the kind guide us or wrap us in its mesh.

So the statement is I am the destiny of all divinity and I will activate it by the sound of much. So here 's the thing , I 'm not going to be able to make the alignment because I 'm not able to hold the energy of so many people. So just to respect myself , my body and also to respect you to be coherent with you , I 'm not going to be able to do this today. So the task for today because we are not going to do the alignment online is first of all for you to read the blog that there you have all information.

Once you read the blog , listen to the music because this month is today , we change the music for the entire month. So that 's why we are going to use so you can make the alignment with that and the alignment to do that will be to make the drawing. The drawing or doing a music or dancing , something artistic , okay. The important thing is to take out the beauty that you have with them.

And when you do it , listen to the music and think about the crown chara and these two concepts of eternal and finite being together in one while you make the drawing or do your stuff. So please do n't judge yourself if you are not doing it properly because what we are willing to do is to activate our art and artists does n't care if they are doing wrong , they just do it. So I do n't know if you want to disassembled for the alignment , but that music will be my alignment today. So drink a lot of water and sleep well as I 'm going to do now and as always see you tomorrow at the same time.

And well fine , still alive , of course. Infinite and finite. Bye. So I take the breath , I feel how the oxygen comes through my nose towards my heart and lungs , blood , organs and muscles.

And I perceive all this oxygen , all this air inside my body as the wind , making my whole body more light , soft. I perceive how the air within me and the air around me become like one , as if I have nothing more than air inside my body. Use your imagination to perceive around you a beautiful place over a mountain and you find yourself at the edge of that mountain looking to a valley way far below in a beautiful and wide environment. The side scene is as I stand.

I perceive the wind from the valley coming towards me. I feel the fresh air in my face and all the skin through all my body. As I open my hands with a palms to this sky , touching the light of the sun. I perceive the breeze filling up my body with energy , coming first to my feet , going up to my mouth , through my knees , hip , waist , back and chest , arms , shoulders , my neck , all my head , and I feel my hair waving softly in the wind.

I recognize here and now that this place , for if it 's a represent my balance , the axis , where I will find my equaliser. Take a deep breath. I perceive the light of the sun shining on my hair and the top of my head. I perceive that the light that is coming from the sun starts to shine brighter and brighter on the top of my head and my crown and suddenly it divides in two rays of light heading to my hands.

I see this light filling up with a huge amount of light in both hands , becoming golden , golden , a source of gold. I feel the weight of all this light in my hands. I recognize that in one hand I find my eternal self and in the other hand I find my thoughts based on something I have probably changed to my self. And bring both lights as one as one unique source in your heart.

Unifying them with the sound. No. No. No.

No. Take a deep breath and take your hands again to the sides of your body. Take a deep breath as you perceive and allow the light of the sun to come into the center of your head to the third eye. And from there through the eyes , the light splits into and the two rays start to fill up both hands with this energy.

Fill how it starts to shine until you feel the heavy of this source of energy in both hands. And one of your hands you find light in the other one you find the darkness. Take a deep breath and recognize the power of these two forces and bring them both with your hands to your heart. Integrating both of them as one , one on the source.

And I activate both of them as one through the sound. No. No. Take a deep breath and again put your hands to the sides.

Integrating the light from inside through the cords. With that vibration in my throat , I even eat two rays of light towards my hands. I feel the two rays filling up my hands. I can feel the weight of this new energy as if I am holding gold.

I recognize that in one of my hands I find my truth and in the other one I find my lies. Take a deep breath and bring this light towards your heart. With my hands I bring these two sources of energy to the center , to the core , with my chest. And I unify both of them as the same source through my sound.

No. No. No. I recognize my own strength of eternity in a feeling of body.

I am the unity between all the lights and shadows. I am the product of all my lies and truth. I am destiny of all truths. So I begin to bring all this consciousness through my body by tracing , messaging , stretching and joining.

And when you are ready , come back here and now opening your eyes. Like this we have three days integrated. Thank you everyone for being there and to be patient for being two hours today. Tomorrow , as always , at the same time we meet for the heart.

So thank you all for being there and see you tomorrow. Rest.