Hello everyone , good morning , good afternoon , good evening. So I am , as you see , I am in a different place , different background today , changing a lot of places. So , I just did , this will be just for today. But , yes , as you see , I am , I am changing like a query time.

So , we are in the month of change , so that 's it. Well , I think it 's probably not a thing , and I think it 's a very good topic today , because we 're going to talk about the subject of the energy of the key , the key of the key , the situation of the virus , that many people have to see with information. But , well , I do n't , I do n't , I do n't. We are not going to have benefit of the books that I have behind the case today.

We will , we will speak about our topic , which is Virgo related to the route chara. So , I was just saying that it has some relation with Virgo if this books would be or , or there from A to C , but maybe I would have no idea what they say inside the books , but they would be order from A to C. So , it 's important to have a bit of this Virgo energy in this time that we are starting today , in this new time , which is the age of Aquarium. Remember that we are coming from Pieces era , and Pieces is expansion. It 's like a sun that explodes and creates something , but it does n't have an order.

It just expands and that 's it. It 's like a dream that you have no idea how it is , how to handle. And we are entering Aquarium time , and Aquarium is about networks , it 's about connection , but also changing innovation constantly. So , these two signs , the one we are used to , which is Pieces , and the one we are coming to , which is Aquarium , both of them are very flow in.

So , water and air , and they have no idea how to fix how to put the energy into order. So , we need a bit of this energy of Virgo for something really important , which is order and purpose. Virgo gives us purpose , gives us order to reach our purpose. So , if we do n't have that , we can be lost in this air and water.

So , just to clarify this before I forget in other days , that what we are doing here , speaking about the sodium signs , is not about how to understand the people that is of this sign or the other. Okay? It 's not about describing the sodium signs and that 's it. No , it 's not about that.

While we are doing with this description of the sodium signs , it 's to understand the archetype and the attributes that we all share within ourselves , not different people , but ourselves. So , all together , that 's the goal. So , understand that we have the 12 sodium signs within , that we have all these attributes in ourselves. So , if we deny or we do n't understand some of them , we are not going to be able to handle the tools that we have within.

So , if I say for example , I do n't like the order of Virgo because I am much more like pieces , much more fluent , I 'm much more about dreamer. Okay? I 'm a dreamer. So , only energy of pieces will make you dream , will make you feel live in the dream.

But what happened , you will never be able to download and manifest the dream that you are that you have. If you do n't have a tiny little bit of Virgo. So , we have to activate the attributes of each one of the sodium signs in ourselves in order to be able to awake this potential and to be a coherent beam. This is how we are going to build a rainbow humanity for the future.

It 's not about being all loving each other is about activating the attributes of each other with them. I say this because I usually have heard about the concept of a rainbow humanity or a rainbow person , a rainbow community. And usually when we say regarding the rainbow , it 's very related to the concept of the spiritual pieces. Because remember , we have been working for 2,200 years inside the pieces era.

And we had n't been accomplished the dream of pieces. So , a lot of people that were living this era , they were needing to make a closure of this dream , creating a humanity like a beautiful humanity , everyone loving each other , all the ethnicities together. So , like one and being in peace and so on. So , that dream of pieces and remember the reason why the people from this past era awakening is consciousness.

Sorry , the reason why we perceive the idea of a new humanity like a rainbow like everyone together and living together. Living in a dream and so on. This comes from the need of the pieces era to transcend itself. That 's the reason why the spiritual people awakening feels the need of living this rainbow humanity.

That is a utopia connected to pieces. So , what is important to understand is that when we are talking about a rainbow humanity , I 'm not speaking about living that peace and we all together and so on. I 'm not speaking about that. A rainbow humanity is people that were able to activate the 12 aspects of itself and use it properly with coherence.

And this that we are explaining about the archetype of the skies are kind of the tools to find if we are working with them or not. If we are denying some of them or not or holding some of them. So , we need to know them in order to see that we are a rainbow person , which is someone that can relate with everyone in balance. And all this rainbow , the only way you can know if you are using it properly , if you are activating its potential is because of boys.

So , what is the order that you want to say? Okay , these are the tools. First one is the red one , then the orange , then the yellow one and so on. And they are in this order.

And once you have this order , you should know what is this one for , what is that one for , what is this one for , and then all together , all this is for this. The purpose. The very energy is the one that will tell us order. You need order in order to accomplish your things.

You need to know step by step what is your goal. So , the energy of very is the one that many people need when they ask , how can I do this? What is the next step? What is the procedure , what is the method to use in order to accomplish these or that?

That 's the very energy. And of course , of course , that for other people that are connected to the still planes and like the ones that flow and feel everything and they say , everything is connected , you need to follow any rules because everything will come with come anyway. This usually is telling us about people that expand themselves , but that usually those kind of people are not able to manifest to do things. Because they lost the time , they forget when to do the things.

They are lost basically in time and they say , oh , I forgot about this. Well , maybe we can do it in another moment and so on. So it 's very difficult to manifest for that for that people , which , living like that for a very , would be like hell , basically that 's hell for people. So one of the main keys of Very is the process.

Very is talking about the process of everything. Is the one that describes that in order to accomplish something you need to do step by step. So like for example magic for other signs what we see as magic as alchemy like A cat or pillar becoming a butterfly or something like this or plot into into gold , this magic that we used to see for very , that 's not magic for very is okay. So if you wanted for that to happen , it needed something a process to reach okay we need to make step step step.

So we need a recipe to get into that product. So the easiest way to understand this example is for example when you cook something. For example , a cake you want to do a cake. So it does n't matter if you give all the the the products that you need to make a cake.

If the person does n't follow the recipe , it wo n't come out. It would be impossible to have the cake. So for example speaking about archetype not speaking about people. If you give that products to a pieces archetype and say to that being you need to make a cake that person will just put the milk on the oven and then just mix the the floor with I do n't know with something different and the eggs.

Or full on the sugar. I do n't know. And they will be in different quantities and different times. So for sure will be very original because it will be pieces.

So it will be very wow that 's something really amazing. But it wo n't be a cake. It would be something different and not very well done. But that person will share of course everything that that person did.

But we will follow the recipe step by step. Every product in the month that is needed in the month that is in the month of time that is needed. So the whole process will be very careful. So you can have the cake.

So we usually see the reality like , oh look this thing exists. But the process for it to be for each exists is related to the attribute of beer go. What beer go is explaining as a sense attribute is that if you want to create a new humanity is not. It takes more than just wishing for it or dreaming with it with love.

It takes work to do steps and time to make it. So the energy of the ego is something really important that we need to to take to activate in ourselves if we are willing to see the results of our purposes. Virgo is part of the Trinity of Earth. So we have , this is the first one of the three aspects that we are going to talk about the Trinity of Earth.

So remember that the Trinity of Earth is torus in the body , Virgo in the soul and Capricorn in the spirit. Coming some of the sentences for the aspect of the soul which is Virgo. Virgo is the bridge , the point of communication between the body which is torus and the spirit which is Capricorn. So remember that yesterday we explained how Scorpio is the one that is the bridge between cancer and Pieces.

Telling to cancer if you want to transcend yourself you will have to go through all your deepest emotions so you can heal it to face the expansion in Pieces. So let 's see what is torus. Tours is the one that usually says if I have food , if I have bed , if I have a house , that 's all I need. Tours is comfort.

I do n't need anything else. I 'm perfect and if I have some money in the bank , that 's even better. And that 's it. So , um , Tours is the one that is fixed.

It says , I 'm here and I 'm not moving from here. So I 'm very comfortable here. Comfort. That 's torus.

So just to picture this , in the opposite side in the spirit we have Capricorn. So Capricorn is kind of the opposite to torus. If torus is very comfortable there , Capricorn will say , I 'm not comfortable. This place is not for me.

I 'm very uncomfortable here. This could be better. Um , I could find a better way to do my things. I think I 'm losing time.

Well , I eat. I think that I need to work harder and not sleep so much because I 'm wasting time. And I need to do better things for me. I need to work to have better results.

And the people that I am living with are very annoying. So , um , so of course , um , of course that torus is married and for life and sharing all the life with someone. And of course has a dog at home and and that 's his life and the torus one , it 's saying I can stand the dog inside the house. And I should go because I can stand the person I married with.

So , um , I will just leave and in silence , just leave. Okay , so of course that here I 'm not describing much more than archetype that are outside of the access. So , these two descriptions are not describing the coherence of those signs and are describing the uncorhearing , the anchor hearings of those signs. And in the middle , we have Virgo and Virgo is kind of the mother of that house.

Virgo is the mom that says to that says to to the son torus , it 's time to wake up. How did it dawn your bed? I ran your room. Please watch the dishes.

Can you go to buy the , to buy the bread outside? It 's time to clean the house. So , wake up earlier. And what happened also that Virgo is that kind of mother with very much love that says , you have to do this.

You have to do that. There is a process to accomplish things. You need to put things in order if you want to be a grown up , if you want to accomplish your purposes in life. You have to do things that by step.

That 's what Virgo says. But also have this mother thing that even if it says so , this archetype will say , I will do it anyway , because Virgo is uncertain to others. Virgo is in service all the time. So , the concept of this Virgo would be , would be telling to the son torus , you have to do your bed.

And in the meantime , when that person is saying that , well , torus is just washing its face on the bathroom , saying , oh , I ca n't , I do n't want to do it today and so on. And mother Virgo is saying , you have to do your bed and suddenly she is doing the bed. So , this Virgo aspect is the one that is in service of everyone. So , even if Virgo is saying , you have to do this and that and that , they end up doing this.

They end up doing that because of service. This concept of Virgo is that everything that it does is on service to others , is giving service to the others. But also explaining that you need to do a process to accomplish your goals. That you need to understand the way in which you do a purpose.

So , said from the point of view of the spiritual awakening , let 's explain this. Tours is precisely the human body or any physical body , because remember our bodies were designed to survive. So , everything that makes us feel good for the body is perfect. So , everything that makes us feel pleasure by food , by love , by sexuality , everything is something that makes us much more safe in life.

So , Tours is basically the body that gets used to the things , that repeat things. So , it is used to become for trouble and not to change. Although , the way in which we can , sorry , the way in the spiritual awakening , Tours needs to change. So , it 's so fixed that when we discover the spiritual path , the Tours person , the archetype of the people , we say , I need to change the way I eat.

I need to change the way I act. I relate with people. I need to change my work. I need to change everything in my life.

So , that takes effort. And that is Capricorn. Capricorn is saying , if you want to reach the divine enlightenment , we need to work hard on changing all the things. We have to change all the things.

Of course , that we have this Tours that is very comfortable with everything. And when we describe now Capricorn , this being that says we need to work , we need to make it better , we need to work hard in order to get the life and so on. To go from the Tours point of view to the Capricorn is really difficult , because it 's totally the opposite. For a Tours to change immediately to Tours is like death is hell , because Capricorn is never pleased with anything.

Capricorn is all the time uncomfortable with everything and every decision that it does. So , we never take its time to enjoy life. And of course , Capricorn will always say , we need to do it better. We need to work harder because we will get this better.

And suddenly for Tours , when it turns to the spiritual meaning of Capricorn , it 's totally hell , because you can not sleep your tired , because you 're working hard , you have to change everything. And there 's no reward in what you do. It 's like it 's never enough and you never had something back , you know , like it 's too much. And I did all this effort for nothing.

And I 'm tired , I 'm hungry , and you know , so it 's very , very heavy for a Tours to go straight to Capricorn. So that 's why , for this Tours being , to not get desperate by the spiritual conflict , this spiritual concept of Capricorn , it needs something in the middle. And this bridge in the middle is the soul of Virgo. Virgo is the one that says to Tours , if you want to reach the enlightenment through the dog train of the spirit , you need to go stay by step.

So the mom in Virgo is the one saying , let 's change tiny things day by day. So if you like to sleep. So let 's go to put an alarm every day , but 8 a. m. for example , so you get used to wake up every day. Let 's change a little bit of food every day.

Let 's change a different action every day slowly step by step. Okay. So Virgo is the one given and met it. For the Tours to change into the spiritual world of Capricorn.

So this process of Virgo is the one that helps the Tours body to become a spiritual Capricorn. As I said , we all have this attributes in our body , in our self. Sometimes when we do n't know how to handle it , we need someone with that sign in our life to help us know how to do it. So in the negative aspect of course , if this Virgo is not in balance , we 'll try to control everything all the time.

Because when the things are not going as that person is expecting to , the Virgo energy is tries to handle to manipulate everything and becomes a little bit hipocontrick. So it tries to control all the things because that person thinks that anyone can do it better than them. So it tries to do everything for the other ones to control and to handle the situation. So that 's the wrong aspect of Virgo.

The one that says if you do n't do it well , I will do it for you because we all can die if this is not like perfect as it is supposed to be. That 's the wrong aspect of this sign when it 's not in balance. So of course that the opposite sign in the other side of the astrological wheel , we have pieces. So of course pieces is the chaos , it 's expansion and has no rules.

And for Virgo , this is like hell , this is like terrible. Virgo pieces is this expansion that does n't have any rule that loves to sleep that does n't understand anything and Virgo is the one that needs to understand everything to put all that in order and can stand energy of pieces. So the sign says it 's Spanish. The image would be pieces coming from the forest , getting all dirt and home , saying , hey , I just found my friends in the forest and Virgo with a broom behind trying to clean everything.

So that would be the concept of Virgo. Attributes that we need to activate in us , but imbalance. The vibration for today is boh. The statement for today is I am a mo , I am material nourishment.

The code for today is right. If we take the visible as the outer world and invisible as the inner world , our eyes will always see the up and out position that we call north. This way no matter where we are on a sphere , looking north , we will know that the right that the right will always be on the east. The sun , the levers the light and for that is interpreted as right as someone who delivers from the heart its own light.

The door force that expresses what is felt and thought. When it 's going to alignment , see it comfortable , close your eyes and think about your breathing. The door force that expresses what is felt and thought. The door force that expresses what is felt and thought.

The door force that expresses what is felt and thought. The door force that expresses what is felt and thought. The door force that expresses what is felt and thought. The door force that expresses what is felt and thought.

The door force that expresses what is felt and thought. The door force that expresses what is felt and thought. The door force that expresses what is felt and thought. Take a deep breath and start to become aware of the space that surrounds you.

The place where you find by now. Try to order in your mind all the things that are around you. The objects , the colors. Try to think about all the things for a while.

I ca n't imagine like doing a list around me , where I put all the things that I find around me. I can put frames in a list , books , chairs , windows , all the things that I can count. You 're in the colors. You 're in the colors.

Try to pick it up. I wo n't. I become aware that being conscious about all the objects that surrounds me makes me aware of the tools that I have. So now I make imaginary lists of the group of people that I use as tools in my life.

The people of the work , family , friends , relationships. Just think about them and come them. Now try to be very sincere. Now try to be very sincere with yourself and think about the form of those people and to which of those objects are you putting all your control which ones you want to control.

Now try to be very sincere with yourself and think about the form of those objects. I think now of all those things that I want to transcend. But I want to leave from this material world all this control. All the things that I just want to transform of me and that are very hard to change.

I take all these concepts with my hands and bring them through my body. And check for a chapter. And close , knees , roots , sucking , flees , heart , throat , throat , throat , from , and I extend this concepts through the torus all around me , creating the earth floating in this space surrounded by stars. In front of me I see a bigger constellation with my hands.

I take information from this weird constellation from the stars. Making it into nourishment for my physical aspects for them to find a path to live into here and now. I am the material nourishment. I am the material nourishment.

I am the material nourishment. I am the material nourishment. I am the material nourishment. I am the material nourishment.

Take a deep breath. Thank you everybody for being with me. Thank you.