Hello. Good morning , afternoon , evening. So I hope you are all good. And here we are , another day connecting with the niece of the world.

So this week I have been explaining about how to perceive the earth and remember that there is no one place in earth that only means one region of the body. Remember that the distribution of the body of earth is very different because it is very , and of course we are distributed in a different way in our body , but some places on earth represents two , three and even four regions of the body of earth. So is different. So this is just for all of you to understand that sometimes I will be speaking of different things in the same region.

And this is because with us humans are constructed like this , like this , but for earth is like different layers. So there is one layer over the other one , so that 's why some places will represent the same , but it 's because I was I am speaking of the inner part of the outer part of the so on. So let 's go today to the niece and let 's try to think about where we can find the niece. Just imagine this.

So in order to understand it , we would do this with our niece. So I will position in this way so I will be seated like the earth. So like this in this position , I have the heart which is Europe and the two lungs , which are the Amazon and the Congo. So if I have the heart here and the lung a little bit lower.

So I will have Africa and Europe and here I will have Middle East , Middle East. And in the other side , being like this , because my chin here will be central America. So in this position of earth , the niece will show us that this two joints are Middle East and central America. Remember that in this path of acknowledging everything , we have to understand that the niece represent the flexibility , the history , the flexibility that we have in our path.

So they represent the history of our own life. So also they represent the ancestors and everyone that made it possible for us to be here , which is mom and dad , the grandparents and so on. So all this history of our ancestors is related to the niece. And we whole that information in that region of our body.

So for the world , this information of mom and dad are related to Middle East and central America. Middle East , being the mom and central America , being the dad. So let 's go to try to understand how they are formed , how they work with it. So we can also understand why mom and why dad.

So first of all , to understand the tectonic plates of central America and from Middle East , they are not the main ones , they are not main tectonic plates. They are smaller plates , even made up with others , with different others , smaller ones. And they work with it because of the pressure , because of the pressure of all the other continents around. The two small tectonic plates , the one in central America , is created by fire , by volcanoes.

And all these volcanoes start to create this tectonic plateau in the center. And the other one in Middle East is created by different islands that are put all together by the pressure of Africa and Laudazia , which is a continent , and all the continent of Asia and Europe. They press to one to each other. So all these islands were in the sea of testis.

And testis does n't exist anymore. So they work with it there in the sea of testis. And so one is created by fire , the other one is created by the pressure of land. So talking about central America , the plateau of central America is not called the central American plateau or played.

It 's called the Caribbean plate. So the Caribbean plate starts in south of Mexico and makes rise up the mountains of Chips. And from Chips it goes to the Caribbean sea to the south coast of Cuba. In front of Cuba , of course , it is n't called ports the Jamaica.

Then it goes to Santo Domingo Island through In and the American Republic. And it goes to Puerto Rico and from there all the islands of the Until. Until Area all touching the northern coast of Venezuela. And it gets inside the Wahda in Colombia and goes to the western mountains of the Andes in Colombia.

Coming up again , through the coast of Panama , Costa Rica , Mara wa , Salvador , Honduras and Guatemala. So all this territory , the Caribbean plate , is what we also call the mouth , the mouth of the planet. So imagine that every country in central America or every volcano with central America and every island in the Until represents every teeth. Every tooth.

So all the teeth of the planet. So imagine for example that one of this the main teeth. This one is Cuba and the other one aside is Santo Domingo. So this two represents this the the main teeth.

The Caribbean plate is moving against the movement of the other two Americas South America and North America. They are moving towards the Pacific Ocean getting away from Africa. And the Caribbean plate , it goes straight to the to Africa. So it got into the middle of the two big continents and open a path racing up the Until.

Central America represents the wise father. The father that came from the skies and brought information to the heavens. And why is that? Because Central America , as we have spoken before , represents with part of North America , did great father , Mexico.

So the wise man that brings information from the skies towards the earth. And how it does this sharing the wisdom information. So that 's the mouth. The Caribbean is the mouth of this wise energy and is brought by the ideas of South America , the third eye of South America and the voice to create to manifest of North America.

So in between South America and the head and North America in the third , we have the mouth , the mouth which is Central America. So geographically , imagine this that in between the mind of the spirit in South America and the throat , the potential of the voice in North America , Central America , the Caribbean plate , is looking for Africa. So the information of the heavens that the father from the sky , that information is coming to seek for the mother. In order to bring this information to be manifested to be to become life here.

So somehow what we can say is that the mother , the father , is willing to come to the earth to manifest itself because it 's in love with the mother. So he wants to come here to have a life to have kids with this mother , with earth. So now you will see that all the American native people is related with the love to earth. And this is not because they represent the mother , it 's because they represent the father that is willing to be with the mother.

That is in love with the mother. So that 's why all the wise people from the Americas that came into Central America download information of the father and they started to spread it into North America and South America , connected the whole population in this love to mother earth to the Pachamama , to connect with giving the to give in everything to the earth to be connected constantly with the earth. So it 's totally opposite maybe we could think that they were related with the mother , but no , there are the wisdom of the father and that is why they connect with the body of the mother. They are in love with the mother earth.

So now let 's go to the other knee and how it begins. Now how this part of the world has been created. Well remember this , in the other side of the world Africa was going up towards the northeast and the Laurel Laurecia it was coming southwest. So both of them started to press to each other and in the middle there was the ocean of Tetris.

So remember that the ocean of Tetris disappeared already , but remember about this the india creating creating the the Himalayas when it pressed the Tetris ocean. So now it 's happening that. So Africa is all pushing up and Laurecia is pushing down. So all the islands that were in the middle between these two continents around the region of the Tetris ocean they got all together creating different layers of mountains that created the middle east plate.

The region of to the imitate the region of Middle East where we are going to try to understand it 's all the the regions that incorporate this plate okay which are Anatolia Anatolia is the peninsula that we call today Turkey. So Anatolia and all the again islands also the peninsula of Filipinos in Greece. All this region of the again sea , creed island , cypress and by the north we go to the Caucasus mountains that separate Russia from Georgia Armenia and a saverhand. Also the whole region of Iran part of Pakistan and the whole Arabic peninsula incorporating the countries of Oman Yemen , Arabia , Tamil Rats , Qatar , Bahrain , Kuwait , Iraq , Jordan , Jordan.

The Snail peninsula in Egypt is real Palestine , Lebanon and Syria are all the countries and the territories that represent Middle East and this is I repeat this is a territory that is not part of Asia , not part of Europe , not part of Africa. This territories that I said are all territories from Middle East , from this plate. This territory is very important from the very beginning for us because it represents the place of the creation of the humans as we know them today because humans were of course created in Africa but they started to migrate to Asia and Europe through Middle East and in Middle East is where they started to discover the how to sow , how to be created their own food , how to become sedentaries. So that 's why they call it the garden of Eden because everyone was able to create themselves.

It 's where we have been created as humans as we know today. So that 's why in that region is the beginning of agriculture is the beginning of the civilizations of the first main cultures of the world , the main religions of the world , etc. So that 's why it 's so important. Also it is a very important place because for us because this is in the middle of all the path to other regions like North , South , East and West , connecting Europe , Asia and Africa.

So this is why all the migrations were connected in that territory. And this is why it was so important this territory to create all the cultures because the interaction of all different perspectives used to go into Middle East. In this territory also way before the humans had arrived to America , the humans were created there as we are now. So this is the land of the creation.

This is why this land is the one connected to the origins of our civilization , of our creation of all that we are. And this is why this land is connected to the mother because we have come from the mud , from the ground and we have been created from the very beginning in that land. So that 's why that is the mother land for humans and that 's why in this knee is related with the mother. So that 's why Middle East is related to the history of our mother , the mother earth , the creator , the womb of our species of who we are.

If in America , Central America is the energy of the father coming down to seek for the energy of the mother because he 's in love with the mother. So in Central in Middle East who would be the opposite. From the energy of the mother we are going to start to look for the energy of the father in the skies. The stars , the heavens , the gods , trying to go to the other dimensions above looking for the stars.

So because the mother is in love with the father reaching the enlightenment in order to fulfill its path to fall in love with him. So the mother is in love with the sky , with the father 's sky. So this land , the Middle East , is the place where the womb of the mother opens to receive the seed of the father 's sky. So that 's why this land is the one that promoted the creation of the humans is a portal in between heaven and earth.

So when the mother opens the father 's sky sends his sons , his sons and daughters , from the skies here on earth. And because the earth was in love with the sky , they open for them to receive them. So this is when from the sky comes this Nephilim , this giants , this other beings from the sky that will have kids with the women and men from earth. So they create this new humanity and so on.

So the people from the earth used to call those people from the sky. The ones from the sky that are no , that those who are sons of the sky here on earth , they call it like this. We humans call them like this. And in the Sumerian , the Sumerian language and language Numeric , in the Sumerian language , they call this these things Anu , Anu means heaven , sky , Anu , Ninth means kids , the sons and daughters , and T means earth.

So the sons of the sky here on earth is Anu nazi. So that 's why we know them as an nazi. But this is not the name they would use for themselves. This is the name that we gave to them , because we saw them coming from the Father 's Sky.

This is why in this territory , they started to create the idea of this Eden Garden , which is now below the Precious Gulf , below the water. But it 's surrounded by the deserts and that was like kind of the place of protection that they used to create the humans as we know them. So I know that maybe you have heard about the Anu nazi coming here to use us as slaves or whatever , but it 's not that. It 's not the main goal that they had.

They came here for different things and some of them used us as slaves , but many of them do n't. They helped. Many of them helped humans to be what they are. So as always , there is good people but people everywhere.

So it 's not that the Anu nazi came here to control us , but there were some of them that they did. Now we have mom and that. Maybe we hate mom and dad. Maybe we do n't like them , but they are mom and dad.

And they live within us and they are our history. So even if we hate Anu nazi , if we hate reptilians , if we hate the people from the least , if we do n't want their religions or their governments or whatever they are doing , and if we hate them because of whatever , and we hate also , I do n't know , the wars of the Mayan culture , the After culture , fighting all the conflicts in Central America , the reptilians in Central America , all the control , etc. Maybe we are fighting our dad and mom. But here 's where when we have to do a great family constellation by saying whoever does n't honor mom and dad , whoever does n't honor its own roots , wo n't be able to give good fruits.

So to honor , it does n't mean to to honor the history , it does n't mean that you have to accept or to agree with what happened. You do n't have to agree with when you honor your dad , your mom , you do n't have to agree with them , with their beliefs , with their religion , with their with their way of thinking , they had their own way. So it 's not about accepting their beliefs or being or just being with the same belief , that 's not honoring to honor our ancestor , to honor our history , is about to acknowledge that I would n't be what I am right now , what I love of me and what I love from the world right now , if it would n't be because of them , because of their path , what they did was what created me , what made me who I am. That 's honoring.

Honoring is not about accepting or agree , that 's the word , is not about agree that. I agree with what happened. No , it 's about honoring and how do you honor by accepting that that was the history , that accepting that , okay , they gave me something good. They helped me to grow to transform myself to understand new things.

Sometimes the greatest enemies that we have in our history or in our life are the greatest masters because they are the ones that show us who we are. And that 's why by thinking them is how I transcend that history. If I do n't honor my roots , I wo n't be able to give seats to the future. So just to wrap this idea , not all the Jews people are pianist , pianist , not all the Hebrew people are Jewish , not all the Israeli people are Hebrew.

And what I mean with this is that we should not say , oh , all these people is the one that is in this or that because we usually do this , it 's something that we naturally we use to do. And it 's not about that. It 's not about saying all this group or this because we do the same with the reptilians , with the Anak , with all these kinds of things , or conceptually. We are all free individuals.

And we can choose what we want to be. So there is bad choices and good choices. It does n't matter , but it 's not all of them doing one thing. So for example , I am not Jewish , I am not Muslim , I am not Christian , but I think them , I think them because without their own path , without the path of their history , I would n't be here speaking about all this.

So it 's because then that I am being able to do what I do now. And this is to start to honoring , start to honor our dad and mom from the past. Not only honoring our physical and biological map in that , but also the historical map in that. So remember , we have them in Central America and Middle East.

Okay , so information for today. The vibration is flu. The statement for today is I am the celestial path. The code for today is the records.

The water of the ocean is the memory of the universe. Every drop of water is the cosmos in the cosmos. It has the experience of every entity living in it. And therefore , by becoming it , we get the potential of all the being that once had it within.

The records are a web of information equivalent to the neurons of an inner brain or the drops of water of an ocean. They are the memory of the cosmos , like a public library , where all being have access , if we know how to read its books. Let 's go to the lineman. The word of the universe is the world of the universe.

See , it 's comfortable and start to breathe always by the nose , concentrated in your breathing. I remember that my body is the summary of all the animal kingdom. So in my path of consciousness , I bring them all guiding them towards enlightenment. In the spirit of the fallen look , it takes an in-brake and I remember that I find myself surrounded by all these animals in the Africa and Banana.

I observe in the horizon to the north. The celestial color of these cards breathe deep and go higher as you can see the entire Africa from above. For a evening surrounded by this light blue color in the atmosphere. From this time.

I bring my hands to my knees. Recognizing that I am going to begin this path through this eyes. Trying to be flexible , walking through it. In order to honor and recognize the mom and dad from earth.

I see beyond that landtico ocean in one side of Africa and in the other side crossing the red sea. My historical mom in Middle East and my historical dad in Central America. I give my first step with my right foot. I observe this path of islands in front of me.

As I get closer to the Caribbean sea. I see the island of Trinidad and in front of Venezuela. I see the line of islands going up with these small countries reaching Puerto Rico. The great center of the name of Cuba.

I feel them all within me. I feel from Cuba in front of me. The Up time links line Mexico. Guided me.

The mountains of Chapman and from there through the volcanoes in each country in Central America. I observe all these islands connecting in the highest point of Sierra Nevada with its snow in Santa Marca , Colombia. From the folly 's , folly 's and highest point of the Caribbean. I go up bringing the energy of the father and mother searching through the skies to reach how to come back to Middle East and below me I can see the great portal of orange.

The door of the sun. I enter the portal of almost to the Garden of Eden surrounded by the desert of Arabia. And I run following the secret rivers up through Iraq. Raging the mountains of Anatolia , intercity and the great Armenia.

And I see the portal of the skies opening through the Sinai Peninsula. Rise and up through the Jordan River through the land of Enlightenment. Rise后! May countdown pass.

And I rain ' nice , my mother and my father in this land. I am the son of the daughter of the heaven and earth. And I rain ' nice , my mother and earth. I am what I am , thanks to my father 's time.

I am a mother of earth. And it 's history. It 's my skin. And my path is celestial.

I am the celestial path. I am the celestial path. I am the celestial path. I am the celestial path.

I am the celestial path. I am the celestial path. I am the celestial path. I am the celestial path.

I am the celestial path. I am the celestial path. And it 's one , it 's on time. Come back here and now.

Thank you everybody for being there. And as always , see you tomorrow , at the same time , for the feet.