I have everybody. How are you? So today I have been holding painting in the earth , just something that I love to do. It 's my meditation.

So , um , I have too many. I have a lot of things to do still. But anyway. I was , I just show you this because I was so focused on painting that , uh , that suddenly I just , uh , watched , um , watching front of me and I saw , uh , 2019 and it was like , um , the alignment.

So , almost forget. So I had to run to , to prepare everything. So let 's go straight to the topic for today , which is the law of the nation. So I explained today with the correspondence.

Uh , the laws are just only one thing that appears in the same time. And then to understand it , we just separated , separate the , the , the only one thing in different concepts , stay by step. So we could understand it better. Talking about this idea that all of the laws are basically the same thing , perceived in different , in different , uh , different point views.

So we would say that the law of vibration basically describes the way in which the factors that are being created interact between each other. So as we said yesterday , we have , we have first the correspondence. And this is that everything that is inside projects into the outside. And so when it starts to divide in different , um , um , fractalization of itself , it creates also the app , the app and down above so below.

And so on , one side , the other side , everything starts to be like a tip to correspond to the other. So the interaction of these two factors that are corresponding is vibration. It 's the way in which they interact. So , um , to understand this , let 's go to the idea of the mind.

The mind is like a pulse of ideas like it works in our brain , many neurons interact in each other constantly. So this is like a like one thought pulling to the other , um , the other thought creating an network of the leaves , a network of thinking , um , which is this interaction between the neurons. And um , as we have this , um , once we have this network , we start to create a structure. And this turn is moving because the thoughts were moving.

It 's constantly moving. The , the ideas are constantly moving from one spot or inside of inside of us. So , um , this , uh , this movement that is created when it structures itself in reality , the , the structure still moves constantly. So when it polarized into shapes by correspondence , the movement of this one inside will push the other move according to the correlation.

Okay. So this movement is the key that connects everything that exists in the unit. Everything is moving. Talking about also another , another law , which is polarity that we are going to talk about is , um , when the inside becomes the negative and the outside becomes the positive.

So it creates magnetism and the magnetism starts to , um , to attract all the parts to one another. And this creates this kind of engine that moves the particles completely creating energy , constant energy. And these particles are not touching themselves. So they end by the movement that they own , that their own are are holding.

So they 're by branding so fast in this kind of vacuum. So this , um , from this , um , from the inside , when it creates this magnetism , uh , the particles project into the reality , uh , they will be interacting each other through this , this constant movement. This , uh , this movement of the particles that starts to be expressed in the universe , uh , beats like a heart. So it 's like a constant heartbeat , like the , the , the , the , the body of the universe.

And this is exactly like in us , our heart. So this , this , um , Asian is called in Latin , uh , beef , but beef , beef , which is the end of by braid. Sorry , the action of being agitated. That 's , um , that 's vibration.

My vibration is the action of , of being agitated. So what I said is that in the moment that the mind , the inner mind projected self into an action towards the , the outer reality , this movement that it generates creates the action of being agitated , which is vibration. So from this principle , we can understand that all the things are vibrating constantly. Now we should n't make a big confusing vibration with sound.

In a very simple explanation , or example , this is vibration. And this is sound. So basically this hand can be vibrating without the need of doing a sound. Hmm.

So the reason why a sound is created is because of the , um , because of the movement of this atoms pushing the atoms of the air. Okay. So , um , if you have no air around , there 's no sound. Why?

Because the sound is created by the expansion of the friction that all the atoms are doing to protect themselves. So they create like this energy that pushes the atoms of oxygen and inner hydrogen in the air , creating like a wave of energy that makes the sound. So the sound is born by vibration , but it 's not the vibration. So first of all , the idea of this one , vibrating makes this one other by great also.

So they are in the same vibration. In fact , because from the inside , this one projects this one other by vibration. So this one creates in a pulse and then this other reality is responding to this one like an echo. And that 's what we call correspondence.

Correspondence is the response of this one , the response of this one to the first impulse. So the relationship between this two is vibration because it 's the movement of this one that makes the other one exist and respond as an echo. The love vibration says that everything that universe is moving , simply moving. So whatever it 's moves , it moves , creates by movement , the other one that will violate exactly the same.

But we have different kind of vibrations. And according to the vibration that you are , you will respond to one or another. And that 's what we call resonance. The resonance is basically a response , an answer , to the original sound that was created , the original pulse of movement of movement.

So basically every resonance is an answer of the main origin. So the resonance that we are talking about will be related to the state of vibration from the origin. And of course , they will relate to the level of frequency because frequency is the way in which the sound exists. Let 's make a drawing of it.

So that 's the origin of all things. So this is how from the beginning the wave starts to expand in the universe. And all of this is vibration. Everything is vibration.

What is frequency? This is frequency. What is frequency? Frequency is how long it takes for a wave to repeat again.

So for example here , we have that this takes a long time and this takes a short time to repeat. What is the frequency? As wider is the frequency , the lower vibration. A shorter is the frequency , the higher is the vibration.

So here there is nothing wrong. There is no good or bad. Here there is only vibration and frequencies. So it 's perfect.

That 's fine. The reason why we are constantly saying we want or we need to violate higher in a higher but frequency is basically because we have been a long time vibrating in a lower frequency. So imagine that this here is lower vibration. It 's like 9th centuries from the 900 to 1800.

Sorry , it 's your 1800. That 's the pure time like 9th centuries. And here , it is short period , it 's only 20 years from the 200 to 2020. 2000 to 2020.

So short gear , the time. In terms of evolution of changing , how many more things in these 20 years are on the world than in these 9th centuries? Basically this happened because most of the things in this period of time were very slow. We were vibrating low , it was low.

And here everything is faster because now we are vibrating higher. How can we use the high vibration to get out from systems that we were for a long time living in? And low vibration. But we can also say that this 20 years could happen even much more worse thing than in these 9th centuries.

For example , it 's much more intense. Also we could say that in this period of time , all the bad things happened very fast. So we solved it very fast. And here , the bad things are for a long time.

We have to live them for a long time. So by the principle of vibration , we can not say that high vibration is good and low-ibration is that. It does part like this. For example , if you violate very high , you can suffer a lot if you are not used to that frequency because things happen very fast.

So this is why our task is not about rise up the vibration to be in high vibration. No , it 's about understanding why we need to make our vibration higher. And to do that , we need to understand the low vibration. The only reason why we are being asked in the need to rise up our vibration is because we have been so many times living in the low vibration , which is the past.

And this high vibration will be helpful only for the moment to get out of this. But then what we have to do is to find a middle point. For us , humans , there is no stability in the high vibration because it transforms everything so fast that it can basically destroy us because we do n't have the time to adapt. But the low vibration also does n't help us because we are start and we not be enabled to evolve.

So I described today in the blog what I mean with being aware of the consciousness and not stay in the same vibration. Imagine that we are willing to arrive to this place which is our destiny. Hmm? I am lost here because there is so many , there is so many mountains around , so many vibrations that I can not find this place is impossible.

Being here , being here , I can not go straight here because they are mountains. But also I had no idea if these are the mountains that I have to cross. Maybe there is a hidden path here that is better to arrive to this place than going like this. I do n't have the map of how it is.

There is this option that we can have because if we do n't see all the path , the option would be to go to the highest point and to see all the map everything from above and from there can now know the better ways and to see this spot where I am heading to. So that 's why you go up. But then , in order to arrive here you would have to go down the hill again , remembering the path that you designing your mind. This is concept shows us that we have to rise our vibration to find the consciousness and what 's the consciousness you go down acknowledging all the path so you can reach the place.

So what is the method? There are thousands of methods but the main one is to take distance to go and look from another point of view from another perspective , go farther and look beyond mediate in that in distance. So you can go to all the theories you want to help with this but the consciousness you will only achieve by your own will of going and see the things from another point of view from another perspective. So what do I have to do?

I have to change my perspective otherwise I will stay all the time here. So you are here and maybe you are here is the wish will be why you are here and this is the other part of the law of vibration. You are here because you are by the way below that 's why you are receiving everything from the valley. So what you have to watch is why I end up here?

Am I by the way , in low? In order to understand this you have to see around. You have to pay attention to the environment all the life that you are in all the things that you have tried to you are heavy. There are conflicts or giving tools.

What do you think about the environment that you are in? Because that 's what we 're sounds with you. The things that you see that you have tried that you are with are the things that are in your own vibration. And just to understand this in the universe there is no bad and good.

So the universe only organized vibrations like a melody tries to organize. So basically the universe is putting everything that violates low with the things that violate low. Just by passing the song. For example , do n't go to your thoughts.

Go to what is surrounding you. Because in your thoughts maybe you would say no but I am a really good person and I do n't know this is happening to me and all this bad people around me. You can be a good person by violate very wrong. Because remember to violate bad.

It 's not , or violate low , it 's not to be bad person. So low of vibration. I can not be in touch with anything that is not in the vibration as I do. So everything that I leave that I leave is related to my vibration.

So to the environment and to acknowledge this vibration is not solved by living the environment. It 's only solved by understanding why I have created this environment for myself. And I will give you an advice and advice that I would love to give you is pay attention to what they because it becomes your own reality by this law of vibration. To the universe , it does n't matter if you are a good or bad person.

For the universe , what really matters is that you are coherent. There is no such thing as bad person or good person. There are people that is resounding and people that is decent. We have spoken about this.

And I say about this careful what you say because I see in the comments and so on. A lot of people that put before the question put the question before the intention of finding the answer. I will explain what it means now. Questions like for example , and how do I do this is instead of saying , I will look on to how to do it.

For example , when we say , I do n't get it or I do n't understand it. Instead of saying , I 'm going to do everything to understand it or I am in the process of understanding. So do n't take this as something wrong. Take this as an advice because we all have been taught this by culture.

We all have been taught from the questioning instead of the will of looking. To be aware , to have consciousness is not to know all the answers and to know everything. To be conscious is to have the will to move forward to look for the answers. This is why the law vibration tells us be very careful to watch you do what you say.

Because whatever you express outside of what you are will come back to you up until when you are. And do n't take this as the law of attraction. This we will take it as the law of coherence. It 's not about to have results in your life.

It 's about to be yourself the result. So you have to put the intention of to see yourself in a beautiful way to understand yourself in a better way to have another perspective to say , I am willing to do something different. And instead of saying , I do n't understand , say , I am learning. And remember that in the blog for sure , I wrote much more about this and I invite you to read it.

So the test for today is about to write about what are my biggest echoes in my intention. So that would be to write down the according to what you express the world , what are you receiving from the world? The vibration for today is yeah. The statement for today is I am the stairs of the universal library.

The code for today is the angelic claim. And within those send it to the service , are the guides and messages , Angels in the Greek name is the Greek name for messengers. To me , the entities that light with clarity the path , guide hopeless in darkness. An angel is a being capable of helping us to return to the right path through guide lines , messengers , and lessons.

Let 's go to the alignments. Season C amoragnos Take a deep breath , relax and body , focus in only in your breathing. And I recognize that within me , in the time the biggest library of the entire universe. I started to feel surrounded by this library , all this records , in the shape of books through our thousands of calories , being both the records of my subconscious.

I said the invention that I have come to this library to find the book where I can read about the vibration that became a pattern in my life and that gave me stock in this reality. Just by thinking , I let my mind to push me through the galleries of this library to find this book where there is the truth that has been hidden. The vibration that pulls me trapped in my life. A sigh of find this book , I have taken between my hands and go to bring clarity to it in the office of consciousness through the areas of the subconscious.

I have served myself going up through the stairs , reaching the office , I will open the book without any judgment. We will perceive but it 's inside bringing it to the consciousness. I started to write great to bring the consciousness to this information. This resonance is connected to the vibration of every book in this great library.

If I use it properly , I will be able to open all the front of it. Take a deep breath and breathe this book to your throat chara and write for the nice I am the universal library. I am the stair to the universal library. In the echoes of my vibration , I can find all the registry of the universe.

I can use this vibration for my own benefit. Thank you. Take a deep breath. Bring all these consciousness through your body , carries some stretching and yarn.

Thank you everybody for being there. See you tomorrow as always this time.