Hi everyone. Good morning. Good afternoon. Good evening to all of you.

How are you? Welcome to all of you to the day of anchors in the emotional week of Timberman. So I hope you do n't listen to the chaos that is outside. But is the place where I could be.

So let 's begin with our topic for today which is excess. So when we speak about excess , we usually think about that related to physical things that maybe we are addicted to. But it 's not only not only to physical things. We usually do n't relate or we do n't realize that all of us had kind of a excess in our life.

It can be mentally from my ideas , concepts , emotions. It can be from anything that we have an excess in our life. When we talk about the excess of something , we usually try to think , we usually tend to think that we are talking about having a lot of things and that we have to give away all the physical things. So we are not in excess.

But actually in nature sometimes the excess is something useful for evolution. It 's something that helps us to survive , something that helps us to keep going to evolve. So not always excess is something wrong. We have to understand what excess really means.

So we can handle that in a good way. We can have excess as a way of evolution , as a way of adopting , of using things. And there is another way of excess in our lives that we used to call addiction. So we have to discern in which moments are we in an excess that became an addiction.

And in which moments we can use the excess as a tool for our evolution. So let 's go into that. At first let 's try to understand these two words that we are going to use a lot. So first of all the word excess comes from ex and cadet in Latin.

Ex meaning out and cadet meaning go away or walk by. So this concept excess is meaning to walk away of something , to be beyond something. Okay , is the same in the word process , excess and process are the same in the technology. But in this case excess means to go beyond outside where I am walking through and process means to walk through that path.

Okay , is to walk through and yeah throughout that path. So addiction comes from the words add and decade that means add means to go to or to something to someone and decade that means to deliver to give to someone. So addiction means to be delivered to someone else. That 's the meaning of addiction to deliver yourself to something else.

So once we got the etymology of this words , let 's go into the process of this words. Okay , so here in one life. Imagine a life like a circle. So you are moving around a circle that we call a process process.

Remember is to move through something to move through a path through a way. Okay , so this is a process and we can divide the process into four stages for example integration transcendence expression and experimentation. So we have this. So we have this process this constant process through the four stages.

So all that is called a process. So when you complete the whole process , you can repeat this process constantly if you found balance and harmony in this process. And sometimes harmony for this process , it does n't mean that it 's good. Sometimes the idea of being in harmony for some people is to hit one another like aggression in the families.

So if you are in a relationship with other generations , they only thought that the only way to find balance and life was through violence. So that 's why they repeat the same process once and again of this. So here in apparent harmony that we call the process. Let 's see this.

Eventually this process that I am living can reach a moment in which I ca n't stand it anymore. Like the whole system says I can not hold this system once and again once again. What the system does is to get out of itself and the people tries to find a different way of doing things. The process stop being a process and becomes an excess.

Access meaning to go out of this path. Do you see the thing? Remember this. Do n't think about getting out of this process like something beautiful or healing.

Take this going out of this process as just a moment when you could n't hold it anymore. So it does n't have to be beautiful. It also usually becomes a crisis. Why am I going out of this process?

Because this process is not giving me all the things that I need. So inside this process I am in lack of something that I will call void. This void that I can not fill up here inside. This process I am not filling up here.

I will need to go out from this in order to find how to fill up this void. So when I go out I will fill it up with an excess. As an example , if I am leaving the process in a family that is not loving that my family here is not giving me the love that I need. And I can not recognize that.

So I will be in a very huge lack of love. So I will have a void of love. So a part of me will try to get out of this system. We will try to get out of this system to find how to fill up the void.

And the way our bodies interpreted the love is through glucose , through sugar. So we will try to fill up this void with chocolate. So we will start to get out of the process by the excess of chocolate or the excess of sugar. The pancreas starts to ask for it.

Okay. So this is just an example of a way of excess of something that I have a lack of. And that I need something to fill it. So we have here the next that.

Excess as you see is not something that here because the excess is the one that is making you notice that you have a problem here. So you are committing an excess because you can not stun your process. So you are through the excess you can verify what is your void. That 's why when you pay attention to your excess , you can start to think about from where it comes from.

Why do I have this lack of why am I eating so much chocolate? You can start to go to therapy to understand and eventually through paying attention to the excess. You will understand the process that you are living in and you were trying to get out of it. So fill up the void.

So the excess is an ally in taking consciousness about the process. So in this thing that I just explained excess is an evolutionary tool. So here we do n't have to hide our excess. We have to acknowledge them to realize about them and to use them as tools.

So we can understand what is our process and how can we transcend that process. This is how excess becomes an evolutionary tool. Now , if I can not make the question of why do I have the excess , the excess will keep going. So if I can not not verify the excess , it will become something that repeats in my life once again , once again.

And eventually , as you see , it will repeat the entire circle becoming itself a process. When the excess becomes a process and it repeats once again , you are not free anymore to rule your life and you start to be a rule by your excess by the tool. It 's in this moment when I deliver my power to the excess , something that you know as addiction. So what is addiction?

Addiction is to give your power the inner power you have to someone outside or to something outside. So , remember , again , I leave in the process where I feel a void of something. So , myself , myself tries to get out from this process through a excess to get out to find a tool to cover this void. But if I am not able to see that tool that I got.

So , it will turn itself a new process called addiction. So , there is nothing outside , nothing in the outside that provoked addiction. There is nothing in the outside. We can then speak about the.

The chemical process. So , understand why we need them sometimes , like the sugar , all these kind of things. But actually , we have to understand first that there is nothing in reality that can provoke you addiction. The reason why nothing really outside is addictive is because addiction is to give your own power to someone else or to something else.

So , nothing can really take your power , nothing physical is impossible for a stone or a drug to take your power. It 's you , the only one that is able to give your power away. You understand this? It 's only us to want to deliver value or power into something like money.

Money is paper , money does n't have any value at all. We are the ones that give a meaning and a value to money. So , the same thing happened with addictions. We are the only ones given the power to something.

It 's only inside. So , in a chemical way , we can explain this in this way , which is , we will give the example of sugar as the same , the one that I explained here right now. So , the example of chocolate. The example of chocolate is that our body 's need sugar glucose to create energy for the cells.

The cells need energy in order to reproduce in order to make their own process of reproduction. How do we take that sugar? Well , from all the things that we eat. The pancreas creates insulin.

Insulin will go to an in a tiny amount. The insulin that is produced in the pancreas will go to the blood. Looking for the sugar , the glucose. So , it takes all this sugar that is in the blood and brings it to be processed on the walls of the cells.

So , that 's how the insulin helps the body to regenerate energy through the glucose. So , that 's the common and useful way of how our bodies use the energy. But what happened? That if you eat a lot of chocolate , like a huge amount of chocolate , the pancreas will need to create a huge amount of insulin.

So , it can go to the blood and take all that sugar that is receiving. But imagine that for the insulin is impossible to grab all the chocolate , all the sugar that you are given to it. So , sadly , the amount of insulin is growing and growing and growing. So , in some moments , your body will say , hey , I have so much insulin in my body that I have to work so much that I need more sugar.

Give me more sugar because I have still work to do because we are a lot of us in the blood. So , your body starts to feel the need of more sugar. So , that 's why you eat more sugar for those insulin to work. Okay?

So , in that level , what you have is that always the insulin will be in the same amount of the sugar that you are receiving. So , if you eat more sugar , you will have more insulin. So , eventually , if you do n't have sugar , the insulin will start to ask because it 's too much. So , we need to work.

Because of this , we feel the addiction to sugar. It 's because our body is trying to do its work. Now , it 's not the chocolate , the one that is guilty because of this. It 's not the insulin and the pancreas that is guilty for doing this.

Is our own decision of saying , hey , I must stop eating chocolate. And I have to stop at least for three days and to drink a lot of water so I can clean up the amount of insulin that I have in my blood. So , eventually , in three , four days , I wo n't need much sugar. Okay?

So , it 's all about myself taking the decision. It 's not a blame on anything. It 's not a chemical blame. You get it?

So , when we see this point of addiction , we will understand that it 's much more important the lack of the will that we have than the addiction itself. It 's not to work in the addiction. It 's to work in our will. And here 's when we come to the main question , which is , is there free will?

No , there 's not free will. Why? Will comes from the word violeté. Violeté.

The word vol means to want something , to wish for something , to the sire for something. So , we set this desire in the needs of stuff that are outside. So , we are looking for things that are outside to complement ourselves all the time. So , we are all the time trying to find something in the world and to rely this will into the will of our parents , society , To , money , food , partners.

We rely all this will in others in order to be part of something. So , that 's why we have a lack of will. That 's why we do n't have free will. Because everything that we do , we do it because of the need of something that is outside.

So , if we want to get out of addictions , we need to gain back the inner will , which brings us free will to choose what is good and what is wrong for us. Okay? It is very easy to blame the others or the things that are outside for the things that I do , then to really take a look within and to gain power back my own will to decide by myself. So , here we have a big chain that we have to recognize and take in count.

So , this is the line that we have to follow. We have a process that takes me to avoid and that void or lack of something , takes me to an excess and that excess can become an addiction and that addiction brings me to a lack of will. So , now , picture this , the will that I do n't have is to will to want for something , is looking for something. What is what I am looking for and wishing for something that I do n't have that is in the void.

I mean , the lack of. So , in order to understand the will , where do I have this lack? So , I have to look into my addiction to understand what is my addiction. To see my addiction , takes me to understand what is my excess in life.

And to see the excess is the one that takes me to understand what in what I have lacked. And this takes me to see the process of my life. So , in order to gain back my will , I have to go backwards to see the origin , my history , my process to understand where. And where was created this life , this void.

When I recognized my process , I started to set myself free from the excess. I stopped my addiction because now I know where I lost what I was willing for , my wishes. Okay? So , I repeat myself.

There is nothing outside that can provoke addiction. The only thing that provokes addiction is the lack of something that took away my ability of having will. It 's an inner lack. The question here would be , how do we feel at this void?

So , to understand how to feel at this void , we have to remember that there is no void. That inside of us , there is nothing missing. We have everything , but maybe through the process , through a trauma that we have lived , we lot those things that we need inside of us in our subconscious. So , it 's not that we are in a lack of something , it 's that we are denying something that we have inside.

So , we just have to find it. So , we do n't have to fill it up with something from the outside , we just have to look within and try to find it where it is. So , for this specific questions about your own addictions and so on , I would recommend you , not to ask me , but to look for some professionals. I think that 's the reason why I 'm trying to find out this addictions , this origins of stuff.

People that really knows how to accompany you during that process. I can not say any or recommend any therapy by itself , because we are all different , and for some of you , maybe it can help. I am a researcher in the morning and for others , can be psychoanalysis for a long time for years , okay? So , just try to find your own way and respect your own way.

So , I just want to close to wrap this idea with what people use to call drugs. That culturally , we started to call drugs to some things that are not really drugs. And we started to kind of culturally ban these kind of things saying that they are addictive when they are not , when anything can be addictive. So , in my case , in my case , I am , of course , talking about drugs , I am open to realize any kind of drugs.

It does n't matter , because humanity and even animals , since the very beginning , they were n't using drugs for many things. So , I am open to legalize anything that is not attending to the life of others , of course , that is not about killing someone. But actually , drugs has been always in humanity and in the animal kingdom , and it will be all the time. So , banning drugs , basically , in our world , is much more about a business that helps the mafia that is behind it , the money that is moved there , than really in health.

From my point of view , to ban something , to prohibit some of these drugs , it 's not the problem itself. The problem is the lack of education , the lack of education and how to use the drugs , not the drug itself. So , it is much more about a business than really education than really protection. Because if it is about protecting humans , we should ban gas.

We should ban knives too , because people can kill others with knife. So , there is no really a weight when people are saying to ban drugs. There is no really coherence , because why so the alcohol is allowed if it kills much more people in drugs. So , we have to understand that when we do n't educate and we just ban , we are making a problem even worse.

Because people does n't have the option , the free will. So , they are pushed towards that world , with no one to help them in the environment. So , remember , nothing in the outside really produces addiction. Addiction comes from an inner lack of will.

So , myself , of course , I have tasted drugs in my life , of course , I did. And I never had the need of using them , just those moments , those times , and that 's it. And never again. So , it was not addicted for me , because I had not that void or that lack that I need them to supply something that I did n't have.

So , as you see , it 's not the thing that is addictive. And also , just try to remember that I 'm not only speaking about drugs like marijuana , which is natural , we can also speak about crack or cocaine , and this kind of drugs that are terrible. But we can not judge them with our morality , because we are doing the same mistake if we start to say which one is good , which one is bad. For me , all of them , all the kind drugs should be open for everyone to decide.

And when you have the option to decide , you are not much more in the need of using them , because you do n't have to skate from anything. Whatever is forbidden is desired. And of course , for the mafia and for the politicians that are corrupt , of course , is really good for them to be banned , to be forbidden. The vibration today is true.

The vibration , the statement today is I am energy of impulse. The goal today is joy and sadness. The strength of the solar plexus chara is the one of filling the harmony in the emotional bond with others. The bank press creates the bodies , nutrients that ensure the well-being and for that from its vibrational irradiation , the positive and negative aspects manifest equally.

In the science of the wavelength , the emotion of joy is expressed. That is produced over something that is consumed , whether it 's situation , action , bond or interaction. However , it 's cosine expresses the lack of bond , a void that leads to loneliness , to inaction , all that leading to sadness. It 's comfortable , close your eyes and concentrating your breathing.

I take it breath and start to become aware of the entire body , moving softly , every joint from the feet to the head. I take it deep breath and start to become aware of the energy inside my body. With every breath , I expand it outside. I try to be as much as in the series I can.

I see how far this energy reaches from my body. I become aware that sometimes this energy may be organized itself in layers. So I become aware of all these layers from the closest one to the biggest one that can even reach an entire city. I recognize that these layers are the limits of my energy of my being.

I try to recognize what are the excess that I have in them , what are the depictions that does n't allow me to expand beyond. I become aware of each one of my additions and access from the mental , emotional and physical levels. I become aware of each one of them. I try to go backwards to see the beginning of those eviction.

I understand why they 've done in my process. I try to be as much as I can. I try to be as much as I can. I try to be as much as I can.

I try to be as much as I can. I try to be as much as I can. I try to be as much as I can. I try to be as much as I can.

I try to be as much as I can. I try to be as much as I can. I try to be as much as I can. I take with my hands the quotes , the memories of my addiction.

I can become aware of where they come from. I have it in front of me. I can stare at them. I recognize the success of my personality.

I recognize that there is also the fear to the future of what may come. I take these eviction in my hands and bring them to my heart partarca. I need to take this as energy that impulses me. I try to be as much as I can.

I try to be as much as I can. I try to be as much as I can. I try to be as much as I can. I try to be as much as I can.

I try to be as much as I can. I think I think I think. I take these breath and the twice at its own time. I try to be as much as I can.