Hello , good morning. Good afternoon. Good evening to all of you. How are you?

If I was tired yesterday , today I am too tired. It happens to me that when I am really , really tired , I start to complain a lot. About many things like if I am an old guide of DD years old , and for the rest is funny. That is not for me.

So I can not see very well the screen because the light that I had to put today is too shiny. I do n't see anything. I do n't know if you are watching me. Anyway , so this is one of those videos that people that think that I want to be shown like a Messiah can learn this.

You should see these videos from this day. So you can tell that I am not trying to do this today. I am very human and I am a bit uncomfortable because my hair is today full of sound and it seems like the ass of a horse. So , literally.

So the topic for today is , characters. And this is related to what we do every day when we do an alignment. When we finish , I say to you , now carry the body and bring all this consciousness around the body through characters. And the reason why I say this in case I did n't explain it for some of you before is because in the the tigumentary system , which is the skin , argument means come from the word tissue , which is related to something that is weaver.

This tigumentary represents all the things that hold the body , the rest of the organs. And in this system , it 's where we have most of the information and interaction with the outside world towards the inside. Sharing information from the outer reality to the central nervous system. So the brain understand what is happening outside.

So the skin is kind of a communicator between the outside and inside. So that 's why I say characters your body. So through the nerves , through the nerves around the body , you can communicate and let the entire nerve system to know everything that we are working with. The tigumentary system is the one that is constantly in connection with the outside.

So everything that happens in the environment will be first connected to the tigumentary system , the skin before it gets connected to any part within the body. So the skin is basically the biggest organ that communicates what is happening outside into the inside. This is why when we are trying to expand an information through the body , when we carry the body , when we bring this consciousness through the carries this in our body. When we have is a distribution throughout every one of the cells of this information we want to accept.

We will integrate ourselves. So we have spoken that the five senses are the ones that bring information from the outer world so it can be processed within. So we already spoke about each one of the senses and how they work. Of course that I am not a youtube otherwise if I would be someone knowing how this things work , I would be in this moment saying you can click down here.

And you will have the link to the videos of the senses , but I am not a youtube. I have no idea how this things work. So look for it. Because I have not looked.

So maybe you find it in the blog by the post of the dates and you will figure it out for sure. But anyway , the thing is that the senses are the way in which we absorb information. Remember that we have spoken about these five senses that are listening , hearing , hearing , the side. Smell , taste and touch.

And these five senses are the only five senses. But in other dimensions , this five senses start to expand and expand according to the dimension where they are being experienced. So taking information from the dimensions , you will see that the five senses they will be experienced in different levels. So that 's why it seems like if we have a six sense or seven sense in an dimension , but actually are the only five senses expressed in different dimensions.

Okay. Now let 's understand the senses from the development. We as humans , we spend nine months in the womb of a mother trying to be human. So developing our physical body , emotional everything.

To become a human. So but we are not always a human. So we are basically a conjunction of cells with a soul , which means that we are a being until the fifth week of pregnancy. And this means that we are a living being with emotion because a soul has emotion , soul is energy.

And so it 's a living being with a cellar memory. So it has the memory in the cells. But when we do our fifth week in the womb of the mother , we start to create different synapses. We start to create synapses.

So this means that before we were a conjunction of cells with energy , with the soul inside. But we can not be considered a human until we have our own memory as an individual. So in the fifth week is when we start to create synapses. And we start to create our own memory as an individual inside the womb of a mother.

In ourselves , we already have the information of the five senses. And remember , the five senses are the ways in which you can absorb perceived the data from the outside. Processed by what? By the neurons in the nervous system.

So since the fifth week of pregnancy , the person , the human , will start to use the five senses to storage information for its own development as individual as a human. So of course , that when we are developing , developing within inside , there are four of those senses that are not much used until we are born. A few of them , maybe you can use it a little bit , but they are not properly used until we are really born. For example , when you are in the womb of the mother , you can not perceive much light.

So you do n't use the side. You do n't listen much. You can really taste anything. And of course , you can breathe.

So you can smell because you are in the agnostic liquid. Basically , when a baby inside one uses as much is the touch , the sense of touch. Which is the most used because the entire skin is the only one in constant touch of the environment. All the time.

So basically , all information from the surroundings are received through the skin of the person. You are in the womb of the mother. You do n't listen really the sounds , even if you perceive the vibration of sounds. It 's not that we can hear words because when you are inside the womb of the mother , what you can hear is kind of like when you are under diving in the water for pool that you can hear things like wrong wrong like this.

And why is this because you are not hearing through your ear. Basically , what happens is that the sound moves through the waves of water and the water touches the skin. And this vibration makes the bones violate and the bones make the tiny little hammer bone rebound inside. So that 's how you feel it , that 's how you perceive vibration not because of the air of outside , not because of the ear.

So this means that even when even the sense of hearing is perceived received through the touch when you are in the womb. This is why usually a baby does n't relate to the word with other senses. It relates with the sense of touch by feeling the heart of the mother by feeling the heat of the skin by feeling the sounds from within the organs. So this is why a baby needs to touch the races , the hearts to feel the breathing.

Because the sense of touch is the only one that the baby has in the first stages to understand the world around. It 's important to know that when we speak about this , the first month of our life will determine the way in which we receive the information from the outer world through all our lives. The way in which we feel touch , listen , perceive as a baby 's child will determine the way in which we are going to relate with others through life. It 's possible by understanding this that we can relate on how today we are with other people according to how has been our process of gestation , how it has been.

The first month after we were born. So now we have this idea in our heads. We can picture this that if through nine months we have been developing ourselves in the womb of the mother. Absorbing the data through the skin , storage information in our brain through the nervous system , which is storage in this data for our subconscious and our unconscious , the ones that we call the spirit and soul.

So this means that the spirit and soul needed from the sense of touch in order to design who we are. The spirit and soul are in a constant need of the sense of touch to interact with a reality. Now we can understand that everything that happens through our skin , living our lives will be the way in which the spirit and soul will receive the information from the environment. Remember that we have spoken some time ago that we can not say that the spirit is within the soul that the soul is within the body.

So we can understand that the spirit and soul are the same. So now we can understand for example we can translate the spirit and soul in a physical way so we can understand how it works. We can understand it by saying that the nervous system is the spirit. The spirit is the nervous system.

The brain with all the synopsis that 's the spirit. The soul must be the endocrine system with the hormones. So the way in which the nervous system and the endocrine system work and understand what to do is because of the pulse , the electrical pulses that the skin receives from the outside. So this means that the soul and the spirit can not understand what is happening in the reality without the interaction of the body.

So now we can understand that the skin , the teigumintari system is an extension of the heart , extension of the heart. And the heart is the organ where the soul and the spirit find coherence , find balance. This is why in order to have a better relationship , much more health relationship between the soul and the spirit in order to be coherent. We have to heal our relationship with the touch , with the skin.

This is why as I said today , warehouses are the ways in which we can deliver love to our heart by touching the skin to come back to the memory of the gestation. And to rebirth from that. The word carries is comes from the Latin cars that mean the loved one , the loved. Which comes from the end European language , car , that means to desire to wish for something.

Which at the same time comes from the Egyptian car that means intention , spiritual energy. So to various is not only to show love to others. To various is also to awaken the intention of the spirit in others. And in yourself.

So , carols is a little bit more yourself. So , carols yourself , touch , feel , the heat , hog , keys , whatever. As we remember that this touch , the causes are the two. To not only come back to the harmony of the being , but also to awaken the spiritual energy in the body.

So let 's go to the information for today. And if there are people that have problems with this , because of any trauma or something , just remember that there are a lot of people that study to help you with these things. So maybe you need some help , open yourself to some therapy , to acknowledge how to heal that. The vibration for today is tea.

So sorry , I can not even read. The statement for today is I am manifested love. The code for today is Virgo. What was harvest and won after being brought to the mother 's house guided by the father must be ordered to separate the wheat from the chan.

The autonomic concept of the administration of the harvest , the learning how many grains must be saved for it. How many to save for the winter and how many to sew the next spring was the mother 's task represented by the earth. The generous soul that is at the service of keeping the balance between the parts. Virgo is like that , the energy of the order and the discernment between good and bad.

Manifested love. I am manifested love. So as you can judge because of my face , I am not in the mood to make the alignment. And it would be really a full of respect , a lack of respect from my side to you to guide you in an alignment.

And to be guided by someone that is so unbalanced like me right now. So I will give you the task anyway for this alignment and how to do it. So go to the blog www. josoi.

read. Remember , you 're so Spanish. I am. You go there and below you have the music constantly playing 24 hours all the time.

So you go you listen to that when you go to bed to sleep and you carry your body entirely from your feet till your head. Oh , your body. See? So tomorrow I see you.

Oh , thank you everybody as always for being here with me and see you tomorrow at the same time as always. But this time from us one because tomorrow at 4 a. m. we go to the airport. So I will meet you there from us one. And remember from the heart we carries the entire body.

Listen to music and same I am manifested love. That 's it. Thank you. My heart is.

Good night. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.