Hey everyone , good morning , good afternoon , good evening. So today , the topic for today is to shine bright. And it 's related to the information that we were working with in the great pyramid today , which is the third gift. One of the tasks that we did in the pyramid today was to work with the four elements within ourselves , to activate the potential of them.

So we could handle them within. So one of the things that we shared was that the universe created , basically created itself , with the goal from light to darkness to manifest different realities in order to enjoy itself , in order to have fun in a creation. One of the things that in some other moment we have been told is that the universe is like a kid that is playing with a creation trying to find itself through enjoying. So it 's a very important aspect attribute of such a theory to have to have income.

So I 'm not looking at the universe is playing with a creation. It 's trying to find different ways of itself through experiencing , through playing. One of the things that this tells us is that the universe is not looking something like that. It 's not looking something in the outside to fulfill itself.

It 's basically expanding itself in order to find a different way of its own self. It 's important to understand that if the universe is trying to expand to find itself to meet itself in different ways. So what is really happening is that the idea that we create of the purpose , to find a purpose ahead is something very human is something from our point of view of our perception. But what really is happening is that the universe is trying to find itself to figure out itself.

So the only goal of the universe is to find a different aspect of itself. So this is why the third gift of the third kingdom which is the spiritual realm , which for them the spiritual realm is the most funny one is the most enjoyable. They would say. So this concept which tells us that this concept which tells us that for the spiritual world is important to play.

So there is no goal outside but the only goal is within to enjoy what you have done what you have created. That 's the only goal. So precisely speaking about English , the goal of the universe is basically to become gold. That 's the gift that they said.

So the gift of the universe is the transformation into gold. So becoming your own goal. That 's what the message was. So why the goal and the symbol of the gold?

Because what we were working with is with the four elements. And we in nature we are made with darkness. Darkness would mean all the structures that creates from the light this reality. So the four elements are the basis of this reality in the darkness.

So in the path of the alchemist they would say that in order to transcend into another level you have to take all this. You have to take all this nature all these elements and to make them into gold. This concept this concept would say that for the alchemist to make the poem into gold. When we are talking about alchemy , we usually talk about the physical aspect of the alchemy.

To make something that is heavy into something brighter. But for the real path of the alchemist in order to transform the matter , you have to transform yourself first the inside. So that 's why all the darkness that you have inside , you have to become to make it gold , which is to bright within. To bright inside before you are able to make the reality shine.

So according to this concept , the only way you can shine and transform yourself in gold is if you are feeling happy within and you are feeling in balance and harmony with your own self. So what the universe is trying to show us with this is that when we feel happy within , usually it 's because the things from the outside provokes us happiness. But this feeling is something that we feel within. There 's not something in the objects outside.

So this means that without the objects , we can also activate the same vibration. So because of this , you do n't need the things from the outside in order to feel happy within. This is why the universe says there 's no purpose outside that we have to look for. The only thing that exists is the purpose within , which is the only goal to find yourself within and to find the balance within with your own self.

Okay. So now we go to how can we shine? So to shine from within , it 's not to take all the shadows out and so you can shine. It is to take the alchemy to make all the weight that you have within , all the shadows , all the darkness that you have within and take it as the plume to make it into gold , which is all the dark size that we 'd have within should be used in order to light your own self.

And that 's how you start to shine. So one of the main things that we have to do to start to make this shine is to look within ourselves and find our own shadows , the shadows that we think they are back for us. And when we look into the shadows , we have to start to think why we hide them , why we feel them. Why , if they are useful for some situations now , if they are really my shadows or they are tools that I do n't know how to use , I have to go and look back into my shadows to understand what they are for.

So it 's important to understand that the readiness and the darkness is not something against is something that was put all together for the experimentation. So within the experimentation is the same tool to transcendence. What the universe says is that by finding this dark side and this readiness that we have within , we can take all that and to use it for our own transcendence , transforming the density into light as a tool for us as an attribute for our evolved evolution. For us and for others.

The conflict that we have here when we say take your darkness and make it shine bright like the sun. Is that the core of how I am going to make this this light to shine is something that we have taught to not use and that is something bad , which is the ego. The ego is like kind of the philosophers tone because is the core where all the rest are built because this is attracting all the other systems to towards it , my gravity. The utility of this of the ego is that helps you to shine by yourself not to be reflected into the others , so you are kind of relating all the information to yourself relating all the information to what you are.

So you do n't waste energy in others , you are just frightening by yourself. Like the sun. So I wrote today in the blog that one of the things that we have to to understand is that even if we have to shine like the sun with the ego by ourselves , we should never forget also to shine like the moon does. The moon ca n't shine by itself.

The moon shines because of the light of the sun. So the light that we see on the moon is just the reflection of the light of the sun. So this means that the moon needs the light of others in order to shine. So if the , if the reason why it 's important to shine also like the moon is because if we only shine like the sun is like if we are forgetting about the others.

So I know what is my , my bright , okay , I know what is my bright , but I can not see the bright of others. I start to believe that my bright is the only one that exists that I am the only one shining here. So what the light of the moon tells us is that in order to shine and to see other perspectives of myself. I have to learn to be to to receive the brightest of other ones.

So I have to learn from the lights of the others. I have to be open to receive the reflection of the light of others to tourism my own bright. So this is why it 's so important to learn to receive the wisdom , the knowledge , the brightest of the other ones. Because in order to create the network , each one of us must shine by ourselves , but to create the network , we need to contact and relate with the shine of the others.

Otherwise there is no network. Well , then this is the third rule that is to remind you that there is to convert it to the aura that aura in English is gold , that is to appear to be objective , meta , that is gold. So the word of words is not remember that the maximum objective we have is to learn to shine. In this great game.

So according to the gift , the third gift that they gave us today is that we have to remember that in order to come back to ourselves , we have to follow our goal , which is to become gold. And the only way you do it is by shining within. So the goal of the universe is to shine. And the way of doing it is by enjoying the game , playing with a reality.

So once I said this , remember that tomorrow , we will be at the same time at the 5am Egypt time with this thing , which is the guardian of the knowledge. So if you want to feel that , we will be connected to begin with the day of the eclipse. And today people were reminding me that when Segment appeared , she reminds us that at the day of the eclipse , her two eyes , the lines Segment , her two eyes will be aligned , and we would be able to restore our lost power. So let 's see what happens because we go to the lines tomorrow.

So let 's go to the information for today. The vibration for today is Va. The statement is I am the cosmic legacy. The code for today is the truncated Dothika Header.

By cutting off the vertices of this figure , new faces are obtained. As in the Eichusahedron 32 faces , as in the Eichusahedron 32 faces. This time 12 , the baronets and 12 triangular. With 90 edges and 60 vertices , this way the figure generates 12 stars of 5 points.

The alignment of every process , which turns into the pattern of blooming , of enlightenment , the base of the crown chara. Take a deep breath , relaxing the body , softly , into is the tip of my fingers. I become conscious of being below a tree surrounded by animals in the savanna. I take a deep breath , recognize in this air , find in myself in a beautiful fertile valley.

I see a side the river , this beautiful river , a small village , and I go to the fields , where I find the farmer. He takes him fruits and the stone from the ground and gives it to me in both hands. I take a boat from the river heading towards the north until I find a path and they take that path going up to the mountain in between the clouds. On the top of the mountain I see the night 's time with a moon and a lion.

I see in the sky a big star that is coming to me. Been , seeker and seeker until it becomes a spaceship. From this spaceship , big people come out three times bigger than me and they give me a crystal in my hands and they give me rock to them. And I hear them say human.

I take a deep breath , receive in this gift. I go down the mountain , I 'll find another human in the shore of the river. I take a deep breath , I become this new human and I cross the river in a beautiful ship. I enter beautiful port , full with colors and behind.

I can see the pyramids. I walk through a white path , looking to a beautiful and great city full of people from all the colors. Surrounding this great red lion , the Sting. I get closer to the Sting and I give this crystal to a priestess in front of it.

Take a deep breath. And I become the priestess. And I give this crystal to the Sting through my singing , delivering it for the memory of all humanity. And I am the priestess.

And I am the priestess. I recognize I am the cosmic legacy. I am the cosmic legacy. I look into the eyes of the great lion.

I see me. With my hands I deliver this crystal to the Sting as my legacy. I am the cosmic legacy to bring heaven on earth. I am the latter of the world , the kingdom , the world , the world.

I am the distant arms of the Sting. I give this service. The one who has to do it. I give this service.

I give this service. Take a deep breath. Take a deep breath. Take a deep breath.

Take a deep breath. Take a deep breath. Take a deep breath. Thank you everybody for being there.

As always , I see you tomorrow at the same time.