Hello everyone. Good afternoon. Good evening. We are today here from the city of Komaumble.

So we spoke with the boat. We were supposed to be traveling right now on the boat sailing to Edfouk. Without signal but we managed to convince the boat to stay for us. So I want to be for long otherwise I will delay the trip.

We just wear in Komaumble tempo. And today in the morning we went to Abel Simple. So for those who know about geography we are really tired. We began at 3 a. m. today and here we are still.

So all the people that are here right now they are Spanish speakers. So I was wondering if I have to do it on Spanish English speaker. Well , Romanians. So today we begin with the topic which is devotion.

So about devotion. For sure we all know this concept regarding the devotion that people feel for dignity , for God being in a religion or in a dogma specificity. But we are not going to speak only about that. We are going to try to understand the metaphysics or the concept behind this devotion.

And how do we live it from the inside perspective? So first of all we have to understand what the devotion means. So the devotion comes from the Latin and the waters. They meaning towards and waters meaning promise.

Waters is like when you go to vote like in a. . . How do you say in political campaign or something like this? So the waters is a promise of something that you maintain doing a lot of time.

So this makes the waters like a celebrity concept. Remember that we spoke about being the celebrity which is to maintain something during a whole year. Something that you say , something that you express , you hold it through the whole year. So I 've also said the promise that you do to keep the things during the period of time.

Like when you vote for a politician. The devotion with the in front means to dedicate your entire year , your entire time into that promise. So it 's not just a promise you do for something in the future. But to be the vote is to be constantly putting your energy your will every day into that promise.

Okay? So this is why the devotion , the one that has devotion for something , for divine , for whatever. Is someone that constantly every day is maintaining a discipline on words of this concept. So we could say that during 2020 and 2021 , most of us are being the votes of the I am.

So we usually relate devotion with religion , but it 's not always like this. Religion , sorry , the devotion can be also expressed to someone that we admire. So to something or someone that we love , like from the family , friends , relationships , someone we fell in love with or this kind of things. So it 's not only about religion.

So we usually relate the concept of devotion in a religious way , because usually when we become part of a religion , we make a promise , just a devotion. We make a promise to a divinity to a God or a God as whatever. And the religions have has this darkness that keep the people doing exactly the same. So kind of , that 's why we relate the devotion with religion.

But basically , devotion speaks about this promise that you do on loving and connecting with something or with someone that you feel a lot that you love a lot. So the devotion we usually relate , we can relate devotion with the unconscious way of loving. Why? Because usually when we do , when we are the votes of something , is that we project our energies.

We project our love into something that is outside. So we put all of us in the outside. So we have these two ways of loving. The unconscious way that is related to devotion , which is to give the energy to something outside.

And the conscious way of loving , which is to realize that those things that you love that you feel are just a part of myself , just a protection of myself. Here we have another meaning of the word devotion. So another etymology that we can take that is like hidden behind devotion is the concept of divine. As I said , when we are the votes of something , we put all of our energy into the love of something that is outside.

And that 's usually related to the gods , to the divinity. Remember that divinity comes from the etymology , the hell in the real language that gave us the name Deva , which is Dev. Dev means day , light of day. That 's the origin of the name.

So from there , divinity comes. So the concept of devotion also encodes the idea of devotion for divinity. So when we are the votes or something , like have devotion for divinity , is because we are looking for the light the day Deva in something. So we have the clarity , the light inside something , and we are attracted by that light.

So I know that the image is a bit hard or strong , I do n't know , but imagine like a lamp. And the insects , and you will see how many insects go to the light and they end up dead on the book. So just as an advice , follow in the light. So the reason why we follow divinities is because we are looking for the light.

Remember , divine Deva means light day. So when we are following the light the day , we follow a divinity. So looking for that light , we usually fall into the mistake of believing that we do n't have the light and we have to find that light outside in others. So looking for that light , we do n't recognize that we also can shine and we put all our intention and love , the living that the only way we can feel that light is outside in someone in a divinity.

So the devotion that I have onto some divinity is the promise that I do to myself to go towards the light which is in that divinity in which I am projected to. So the example was that imagine that you are inside a room and you are seated on a corner and in the other corner you have light. And so from that point of view where you are seated , you can see the whole room because of the light of them. How to say lamp.

Okay , from the lamp. So imagine that what we do our thought is oh so. If the light is the one that gives me clarity to see everything around so I have to get the light , I have to go to the light. So imagine that you start to get closer to the light and you get so close and so close to the light.

That two things happen. One is that you start to be blind because there 's so much light into your eyes that you can not see anything. And the second thing is that as closer you get to the light , the bigger is the shadow. So when you are with the light here and you catch the light between your arms , then the entire room will be in dark and the only place with the light will be here.

So the main goal of light is to show me the reality to show me what is there in the room. Okay , so it 's not about. It 's not about having the light that makes me more clear. It 's like trying to see the world by just staring and gazing the sun.

If you just stare at the sun , you 're not going to be able to see the beauties of the world. You have to see the beauties of the world when there is the light of the sun during the day. So this is how we can understand and use the light. What we have to do in order to see the beauties of this room is to walk around the room and to watch observe everything that the light is allowing us to see in that room in that space.

Because if we go to catch the light for ourselves to get the light for ourselves , what happens is that we are not going to be able to see anything. We are creating much more darkness instead. So after walking around the world , after recognizing many things from the reality , from the planet , we start to realize that that same light is within ourselves. And the reason is because the light that is in the outside of the room is just a polarized image of ourselves is a projection from ourselves.

We are that same shadow that we are projecting and we are that same light that we are watching. So when I realize that I myself , I 'm the light. So suddenly I will know that I will be like the light of the sun , the light of the moon , the light of the lamp that helps me to see the shapes of the things around me. So if I am that light , I will recognize that all the things that I see in the reality around me are only seen by the amount of light that I can make shine.

So this basically means that if I shine really bright , I will be able to see much clear all the things. And if I do n't have much bright , this means that I will see much more shadows. So in this way we can understand that the world around us is just a projection of our own light. So through the motion , I will look for that light in things or things that represent that light for me.

Or I fall in love , I will look for people that I think they have those things that I do n't find in me in myself. So I know that this might hurt , but it 's really weird that we fall in love with someone by true love. And basically what we really do is to fall in love with others by devotion. If you fall in love with someone , for what you see in the surface of that someone is devotion.

If you fall in love with someone because that person has attributes that you do n't have and you love them , that 's devotion. And it seems that I 'm speaking this and it seems like what I 'm saying is wrong , that this is wrong. So I know that this sounds like if devotion is something wrong , but it 's not , it 's not wrong. It 's something natural and it 's something that is fine.

And why I say this because we are humans and we live in a third dimension and we are divided , projected in many. To love us , the love really is , we should not be humans , we should be in the universe , hesitate between the planets , I do n't know. So we should be something really wide and divine and I do n't know. So we are here experiencing different points of view , we are here experiencing different realities.

So it 's not that we should leave the devotion and start to love like the divine because we are humans and we have to learn to love like a human thus. So the devotion is part of the process of understanding how to find that light in the world through recognition , through sharing. So basically the system tells us that we are moving ahead by looking into others , many things that we think that we do n't have , but remember we are one. So everyone is only one being divided in many.

So when you admire someone , actually you are remembering , airing something that is part of yourself too. The problem is that we do it from the unconscious. So when we do this from the unconscious way , we lose a lot of energy by trying to admire the others. Okay , but when you are aware of this , when you are conscious about this system , actually you are loving different aspects of yourself.

So any person that has a devotion for our religion , for philosophy , for a person , for whatever an object. It 's doing this process of loving of devotion and it 's fine. The only thing is that you have to know that if you are willing to reach the light , you will do it through the consciousness , create independence. And if you do it through the conscious , you will be just walking around the room enjoying the colors.

And till the moment , walking around , we realize that the origin of the light is myself oneself yourself yourself. So you become devoted to yourself. So the moment when I transcend the devotion from the outside and started to be devoted to myself is what in Latin we call reflection , which in English is , come to say , reflection. When you not reflect , no reflect like in a mirror , when you think about things.

Is it the same? You can use it. So it 's the same word. Yeah , it 's like reflection , but not because you 're reflecting , but because you are like thinking which is plexus.

So reflection comes from read that is to come back and plexus that means to bend. Okay , so actually the concept of to think about something to make a reflection of something is this reflection. It would be to contemplate. No , because contemplate is outside.

Reflect on , reflect on , it 's a reflect on an idea. So you stop watching outside the light and you start to see the light within. So that 's the meaning of when you start to think about things. When you start to know to just believe in the things outside , but also to try to understand them by yourself.

So as a summary , remember that what we usually do in the process of loving is that we are unconscious looking for this light outside that we call devotion , making the promise to follow something outside. And this is not wrong. This is just a way in which we can relate to the fact that we start to become aware , conscious about the system. And we reflect again about the things.

So we can start to seek the light within and to refer to ourselves to the insight. The vibration for today is to the statement for today is I am the manifested web. The code for today is Scorpion and it 's good to be in common with the temple of darkness for this Scorpion. And it 's the necessities that takes us to the next plane.

Upmerging again in the deep waters of the soul , the poison of the scorpion can kill and heal. And in the presence of a scale imbalance , it can take me to see the darkest of my basic needs or show me the inability of finding the soul 's nourishment beyond physical. For that , Scorpion will be the constellation that reminds us about the deepest search in the mud of the beam in what we do n't want to see or work on. Like the ability to find the deepest truth.

Concentrate in your great name. We are going to start to massage all your bodies from your feet to the head softly , are facing becoming aware of each part of it. Eat , legs , genitals , waste , back. Back.

Just hands , arms and shoulders , neck , face , and head. Take a deep breath , get tension in your body and let it go. Blocking motion. Two stitches.

I perceive how a tiny light turns on within my body and it projects a ray of light. The outside tries to see in which direction it is pointing at. And I perceive how this ray of light shapes the body , the forms of the beings , the beings and persons that I feel love to that I am devoted to. I perceive these people that I feel they have the light that I can find in me.

I have attributes that I admire and that I do n't have. And I can see the divinities that I admire that have the face that I ca n't find in me. I recognize each one of them. I see those who I love those who I need those who I am a fanatic of those who I admire.

I recognize them the light that I ca n't see in me. And I recognize that all of them are the same. And I recognize that all of them are there only because of this tiny ray of light that comes from me. It would n't be because of this tiny light emerging from me.

I would never have had the opportunity to see the attributes that I admire in them. For I can only admire and love those things that were sound within me. Take a deep breath , setting this light brighter , bigger like the rays of the sun , a sigh of knowledge that power they have. Breathe , breathe deep and deep.

Turning on this light. I see how my inner light ride more and more until I can not see the differences between the people. The beings that I admire , they 're all within my own light. And I radiate this network of light that I am pure to.

Weaving this net with rays of light that comes from me and come back to me. We 're sound. Weaving this net with rays of knowledge that I admire , they 're all within me. Weaving this net with rays of knowledge that I am pure to.

Weaving this net with rays of knowledge that I am pure to. Weaving this net with rays of knowledge that I am pure to. Weaving this net with rays of knowledge that I am pure to. Weaving this net with rays of knowledge that I am pure to.

Weaving this net with rays of knowledge that I am pure to. Weaving this net with rays of knowledge that I am pure to. Weaving this net with rays of knowledge that I am pure to. Weaving this net with rays of knowledge that I am pure to.

Weaving this net with rays of knowledge that I am pure to. Weaving this net with rays of knowledge that I am pure to. Weaving this net with rays of knowledge that I am pure to. Weaving this net with rays of knowledge that I am pure to.

Weaving this net with rays of knowledge that I am pure to. Weaving this net with rays of knowledge that I am pure to. Weaving this net with rays of knowledge that I am pure to. Weaving this net with rays of knowledge that I am pure to.

Weaving this net with rays of knowledge that I am pure to.