Hello , hi everyone , good morning , good afternoon , good evening. All good. So as you see I 'm very tired because today we will have a 330 in the morning. We started really early today and here is 1130pm.

So many , many hours doing things going around and doing stuff. And the only moment that I had to rest and be quiet on the bus , I rode the post for today the block. So I do n't have all my flags right now to do the best alignment. But I want it to be here as everything with all of you.

So every time I say now I will try to be brief to not explain much. But every time that I do that I say this I end up speaking a lot. So I would just say that I would speak 3 hours. So maybe I can speak almost 5 minutes.

I do n't know. So let 's go to the topic today. So today is the feature chara , the ankle chara. Of the physical week of the month of Pieces.

So tomorrow is our last day for Pieces month. And the topic for today. Of course it is destiny. So of course that culturally we tend to believe that destiny is equal to purpose.

But remember purpose comes from the Latin proposed that means something that is put ahead in front. So we relate this idea of putting something in front of us where we are going to with destiny. So we used to say that destiny is those things that guide you towards to accomplish something that is a place where you are heading to and that you can change it that is something straight like it should be. So you can not do anything destiny is destiny.

So of course that from that point of view we take the idea of destiny also talking about space. Meaning that we call destiny the place where we are heading to on a trip on a journey. So because of this idea of the destiny being the place where we are heading to is also born the concept that inevitably we will go to that spot somehow. And sometimes.

So it is impossible to escape from that destiny. That 's the idea that we have been wrong with regarding destiny. And when we go to the etymology of destiny we can tell that the origin of the word tells that destiny is exactly the opposite to what we believe. The opposite to the concept that we have about destiny.

So let 's go to the etymology of destiny to understand the concept of destiny from the very beginning. This destiny comes from the Latin word destiny. That comes from two words. That means going beyond to live , to move forward.

And a scenario that is an epophony of study. I explain. The origin of the word is study which is to be but not to be happy or to be sad , to be on a place to be somewhere related to a space. So the word is study.

And then this word like many words along our languages and history suffer an epophony. Epiphany means that the sounds transform in something beyond. So that 's why from the study became a tina de. It just mistakes in the language.

So destiny comes from the idea of living a place going away from a place or starting to move after a time of being staring at something. In English you have the word stare at that is the same origin of study. Okay , study in Latin , stare in English is the same. To stare watch something and do n't move.

So destiny means to to means to start to move and stop being staring at something. So as you can see , as you can see with this etymology destiny does n't mean the place where you are going to. It means exactly the opposite means the movement that you do to stop being still in one place. So you can move forward to reach that place.

So it 's the movement that you start to do. So you are not staring. So we can tell now that regarding this concept of destiny the main idea of destiny is the will of moving of going towards a place. So destiny is related with the will , the action of deciding to go and move towards a purpose.

So destiny is talking about the will of doing something of transforming something. So actually the universe in the universe does n't exist this idea of the destiny and the destiny is something wrapped like you can not change and you are and you are locked into that and it should happen anyway. It does n't matter what you do. This concept of the universe does n't really exist by itself.

So we are the ones deciding what is happening. Okay. But now the question would be if it is like that. So why even if we want to change things sometimes they just happen.

Even if we go against it. So I will try to explain that now. So in order to understand why sometimes it seems that we have a destiny we have to go back to the main idea that we spoke many months ago which is that the universe has three different stages of the mind. The conscious , the unconscious , the subconscious.

So the three of them are part of the universal mind. So this means that the three of them are part of the divine thinking. So once you remember these three different ways of thinking , we can not knowledge now that we are going to take decisions from the self-conscious. We are going to take decisions from the unconscious and we are going to take decisions from the conscious.

So one of the great mistakes that we usually do is that we think that the conscious is related to the personality. And it 's not the personality is in the unconscious. So the essence is the one that is conscious , really. But the personality is unconscious.

The body takes decisions from the subconscious to make his survival. Every day. The personality , the soul takes decisions through the unconscious in order to try to be accepted to be accepted in the environment. And by others , by culture and so on.

And then the conscious aspect is the one that takes decisions from the essence , the one that just is in order to guide in balance , the unconscious and the subconscious. So we have been divided so much in our point of view of the reality that we have been believing that if the things are not changing according to our will , if the things are still the same , even if we choose another reality , we start to believe that we are controlled by a bigger mind that rules our life like a hidden power or something like that that is controlling our systems. So there is a way we believe that someone else is deciding for us is because when we are here in the third dimension , it 's just the third three dimensional aspect of what we really are. Remember the week of the dimensions that we already spoke about.

So the third dimension is just a manifestation of what we really are , just a tiny manifestation and the third dimension of what we really are of our own being. So by this we can understand that the destiny is always your decision. The highest consciousness decision and the physical and the personality aspect of ourselves are just the manifested extension of the being that we are , of the choice that we made. Due to our way of life related so tied to the body and the soul , the subconscious and the unconscious , we leave our lives believing that we are destiny , that we have a destiny to accomplish that we can not control.

When that destiny is a decision from the subconscious and the unconscious. When we start to become aware so conscious about ourselves , we also start to become able to guide our unconscious and our subconscious. So when a person is living through the subconscious and the unconscious , is still having this feeling , this perception that there is a destiny that controls us. So where is the subconscious in the cells , in the memory of biology , in the NA , in the tree of life of the family , where is the unconscious in the soul , in the astrology , in the culture , the traditions , the beliefs.

So where is the conscious , is in the essence , is in the coherence , beyond personality. The essence of the conscious is beyond the idea of the ego which is related to the unconscious. When I become aware of myself , when I become conscious , I start to remember that in the universe , the only one that took the decision to move forward was myself. From being just one particle , staying still , staring in the universe , and it was my mind , the one that decided to move , that to the choice to keep going.

From one spot where I was staying still and start to move , it means destiny , destiny , to destined something. So this is why when I heal my relationship with the body , when I heal my relationship with the soul , and I start to leave through the essence of the spirit , I can start to decide and control my own destiny , because destiny is not those things that are written for me. Destiny is the intention that I set to move forward and exist. So do n't blame the destiny on the place of being irresponsible of our own.

Unconscious. So now many questions can pop up like , for example , people that are suffering or people that are a pool , poor , they do n't choose to be like that. And when we do this kind of thoughts , are usually made from the point of view of the culture of a tradition , of a belief , of a morality , which is not real. It 's just a cultural perception of how things should be.

But it 's not related to reality. And I say this because from the point of view of humanity , to be poor is something to be poor or to be rich , is something much more related to and the status in a society. But when you go to the nature , the state of being poor is formality. In nature , everyone is poor in nature , everyone is rich.

The only thing that makes us believe what is poor and what is rich is human morality. According to our expectations of a society , a civilization , but for nature , there is no poor or rich. Have you ever thought about that? When you look into nature , everyone is poor.

Only humans believe in the separation between poor and rich. So now you can see that when we try to judge the destiny , because some people is poor or some people is rich or this kind of things , we are not talking about the reality of the universe , we are talking about the point of view of morality in a human society. And in order to understand what destiny means , we have to take out the concepts of our civilizations to understand the reality. And the reality is that everyone , every day , is deciding the destiny.

And why the destiny is related just to your decisions , because the future depends on what you decide every day that you wake up. And I am not speaking about humans and speaking about the extension of a being in a third dimension. The reason why a bird can fly is because thousands , birds and other animals , during thousands and millions of years , we are trying to fly. And they reach it.

They accomplish that. So they got to the point of flying , because many were trying to fly. It was the decision. It was the decision of many beings in this dimension.

Of willing to fly , that God divers on the sky. As you see , the free wheel of destiny is not taken from one day to another. By the personality , it is taken by a being throughout the eternity. So do n't blame the universe.

It 's just a matter of time. Let 's go to the alignment. The vibration for today is to stay in the world for today. I am the manifested knowledge.

The code for today is Aquarium. And when it finds the best version of itself , when it finds itself , it frees from all pressure. It frees from everything that was worked on. And finds the grace to innovate itself of going out of the cave to enjoy life , to find new versions and flow.

For that , like the wind , this spirit allows itself to be taken from one plane , place to another without getting attached with anyone. Taking only what 's necessary to reinvent itself with every step , knowing everybody , without being everyone 's property , sharing it 's being. The seat comfortable , close your eyes , and concentrate in your breathing. Make itкуhari.

Take it appras- I start massage your body from your feet. To your head. Pay attention to each part of it. Begin by the feet going up to the next genitals , hip and waist , back and chest.

Arms and shoulders. Next , face and head. Take a deep breath and make all this strength that you can. The pressure in your body and breathe out release in the tension.

Once more , I take a breath to all strength and let go relax. I visualize in front of me , a path to the world towards the horizon. I take a deep breath and move forward along this path. I bring to my memory all those decisions that I took the change my life.

I bring to this path as I walk to the horizon , the memory. Each one of the choices that make a difference in your destiny. I move softly , my ankles , or curious massage them. I say a recognised that all of this moments , decisions that change the destiny of my life are connected to this chara.

I ca n't resist how I move in them. All the destined of my name , move to. I recognise that the destiny is in each step that I myself decided to take. I 'm done with the rest of my life.

That each step is an in-knowledge that takes me to the wisdom that makes me be. Why am I my own destiny? On my destiny is to walk. I take a deep breath and project a new destiny , activate in the will to begin a new path with my vibration.

I take a deep breath and project a new destiny , activate in the will to begin a new path with my vibration. I take a deep breath and project a new destiny , activate in the will to begin a new path with my vibration. I take a deep breath and project a new destiny , activate in the will to begin a new path with my vibration. I take a deep breath and project a new destiny , activate in the will to begin a new path with my vibration.

I take a deep breath and project a new destiny , activate in the will to begin a new path with my vibration. I take a deep breath and project a new destiny , activate in the will to begin a new path with my vibration. I take a deep breath and project a new destiny , activate in the will to begin a new path with my vibration. I take a deep breath and project a new destiny , activate in the will to begin a new path with my vibration.

I take a deep breath and project a new destiny , activate in the will to begin a new path with my vibration. I am the manifested knowledge , I am the manifested knowledge , I am the manifested knowledge , I believe for I am my destiny. I take a deep breath and slowly start to bring all these consciousness throughout your body , carry it in , massage and warning. I need one , but it 's on time , come back here and now.

Thank you everybody for being here so always see you tomorrow and now yes as always at the same time rest