Good morning , good afternoon , all of you. So today we arrived to the close pleasure of our mind , of tourists , which for me arrived really fast. I do n't know if this is into you too , but it 's been like too fast. So it 's been nice.

And somehow I do n't know why I feel really , really happy to begin with the emotional week. I do n't know why , but I feel that. So it 's nice. So today we arrived at the year of the mind concepts for tourists.

And I want to show you that I have here this seats that have grown a lot with my intentions. So I 'm really happy because every day I look at them and talk to them and. . .

and see them the ones that are here and outside. And I feel happy because I saw that the carrots started to grow , that they take longer to grow up. Then I saw today that they started to create roots. So.

. . Oh , the topic for today , which they 're well-being. That I forgot.

So let 's talk about the well-being. What do we believe is the well-being? How can we achieve it? What it really is and how can we achieve it?

So what is the well-being , first of all , for ourselves in this time? We have an idea of what well-being means that is basically to be well. So we describe concept of the being when we feel good , when we feel fine , in our physical , our mental , our more well. We describe this as a goal in our life , trying to be in this state of well-being.

So we can feel plenty. So we are looking for goods to feel well. We are looking for. .

. For having things in order to supply our bodies , our beliefs , our emotions. But the question here would be , what it means to be well. What it really means the word well that we are looking for , that we are willing to achieve that concept.

I forgot to put some colors so you can see better images. Let 's go to the meaning. Well-being , what it means well-being , well-being comes from two words which well and be. Well comes from the word will that comes from the Indo-European language that means the sire to wish something.

And of course be a concept of state here , to stay in one place , to be in one place. Which take us to be firm or straight in something. So basically this means that your wish is firm. Your will is active and stands in one place.

So well-being would be that you have a strong will. So I will explain a bit the meaning of being in Spanish for you in English , because it 's a bit related to this concept here. The word being which translated is well in English comes from the word theo that means an power one or the worship one. So it basically means that someone that has the power itself that can rule itself.

So it 's also the origin of the word got in Spanish. So as you see , there 's a meaning well-being is not related with a question your good life and living properly , just having a house , sleeping in a good place , watching the To and having all the food you need or all the money you need and say this is the well-being I 'm fine , I do n't even aim , I reached everything that I wanted in life. So that 's not well-being. The reason why we 're actually kind of confused the state of well-being with that is because in our society we run in order to have things.

And this idea of having things gives us the concept of running into conform. We can have conform and this idea of conform is confused with laziness. So we reach conform when we have things so we do n't have to do something. So we become lazy we believe that that 's that well-being , that we do n't have to do much in order to leave.

But that 's a wrong idea of it. So when we speak about well-being we can also relate with the topic from yesterday which is confirmation to conform something , the word conform. So conformity , conformity we would say is like kind of a synonym of well-being because well-being is kind of related to feeling fine in one spot. And this is why and this is why some people can say that you reach well-being in the state of conformity is when you accomplish the good things when you accomplish the needs that you have in your life that you can not complain anymore because you have everything.

Maybe it had happened to you that some people tells you , why do you complain if you have everything? Why do you complain if you live plainly and you have all you need? If you are living fine you have everything. Why do you complain?

For sure you have heard that sometime. So there is n't why some people used to say these kind of sentence like if you have everything , why do you complain? Is kind of a consensus in our cultures and society that was designed but something we call the state of the well-being. The state of the well-being is something that the states put in the cultures in which we create this idea that if we reach the main three needs that we have so we do n't have anything else to claim for because you already have what you really need.

So why do you expect to have more than others if you already have everything? And that creates this idea that you have to conform with what you have , conformity. So you can form yourself in one state and that gives the state 's stability. So easy.

The system works easy. So this concept of stability that is the state is because is because when you create the idea that the well-being is all you need , you have these three needs that so it helps the states to have a society that is not willing to change , that is not judging the government , not judging the education , economies or whatever , because when you reach the state of well-being nobody will come in , and nobody would look for something more because they are confirmed. So the idea of this creation of the well-being is something that is the idea of the well-being , is something that the cult creates in order to not make you go beyond of what you have. Like saying to you if you have all you need , why do you want more , why would you expect something different?

So the system can position yourself into the situation of you willing to be better or more or have more or be rich beyond the other ones. So basically the state of well-being is a strategy for the cultures and systems for us to be in a constant status quo. So this is what through centuries create the cultural idea of the well-being that not come from playing or you can not expect to have something more or to do something more because you already have what you need. So usually when we talk about the well-being , the concept of well-being , we can understand that this is an idea , this is an ideology , that what really helps is in moments of stability.

So it 's the good way to solve the problems of the main needs. So the state of well-being as an idea is really useful in those moments in which we need stability because we are having conflicts. But when we are already , all fine , the state of well-being is not really because it does n't help you to evolve. It does n't help you to transform yourself.

Oh , according to this , if we would have been living constantly in a state of well-being according to the culture , we have computers or Wi-Fi because maybe a few centuries ago people would say , why to create computers if we have paper and intense with feathers and ink and that works perfectly. And if we need to send a message , we have a pageant. So why would we need anything different or better if we already have what we need? We can write.

So this is why we have to transcend the idea of what is the state of well-being because even though we have things still still complain about the things that we have , in order to find different ways to do them and maybe we can find out to transcend in a better way the one we have not. So we are able to be this conform with what we have. Otherwise there 's no evolution because evolution implies transformation. Usually the states , the cultures and the regions will usually try to conform structures of well-being.

States well-being , which we are trying to find trying to find stability in the people. So people can not change or create conflicts. And this is why usually we can hear this conferences , this discourse when the usually the politicians says this beautiful speech in which they talk about the state of well-being to feel fine to be well to have everything we need. Usually they do n't go about or through the development.

It just stays in the speech and that 's it. So the reason why politics would never really change in the course of evolution is because in order to have a evolution , you need people that is not conform with the things that they have. It 's not conform with a belief , an idea , and usually politics and religions are conforming with a idea. Ideologies and they do n't want to change that.

So that 's why it never changes. I do n't know if you have seen this , but the discourses of politicians and religions they are done as repetitions from systems that were way before. They repeat themselves as a belief. The same rights that we have today in the republics were written by the Roman Republic 2000 years ago.

2000 years ago and we still have them. And politics usually talk about development and ideas , talking about the founding fathers of their countries from 300 and 200 years ago. Complete different contexts. This is why it does n't work.

This is why the concept of well-being that we have is much more an ideology of stability than a will or an impulse of development and evolution. The reason why we keep with this is because we are humans and as humans we need to eat , to sleep and reproduce and feel safe. The systems were done in order to use our main needs and fears from the biology , from the physical aspect , not the psychological one , the physical one in order to keep the status quo. And what it means , status quo , status to be equal , status quo is when everything is equal , instability.

It 's fun. But now let 's go into the stage of winning from the point of view of consciousness. What it really means being aware of our well-being. So well-being meant when you are empowered with your own wishes and the sirens and you are willing to act according to what you are.

So it 's not related to status quo. It 's not related to supply the three needs. It 's related to be empowered of who you really are. The stage of well-being gives an is possible when we incorporate all the things that we had spoken this week.

Let 's remember them. I need to recognize myself as the source of all things. I need to recognize that I will leave in my life those things with which I rebound. That the energy that I get is my own responsibility.

That I am abundant. That strength is something that I get from inside. That security only is in secure of myself. That I have within me all wealth.

And that in order to do all this , I have to feel comfortable with myself. I miss one that is matter. And matter would be that recognize that the spiritual power is in the expression and the manifestation of matter. All this concept takes me to understand that the state of well-being is not related with physical things.

It 's related to awakening all these powers within recognizing that this is not a goal to achieve. That this is the state of being is a constant in your life. So the idea of well-being of feeling well is not relating related of being quiet. So well is basically to know the will that you have within.

To recognize the strength , the will to activate your inner potential. That feeling meaning of feeling well. So in order to and over myself in this state of will , I have to acknowledge all the things that I have been in myself. So the only way you can do it is by knowing yourself as the articles in Greece used to say , oh , yourself.

When I know myself , I find the potentials that I have within. So I empower myself with those potentials. And then I find my state of well-being. Let 's go to the alignment for today.

The vibration for today is the statement is I am a terminal origin. The code for today is proto-soha. They belong to the eukaryotic group. This means cells that have new tubes and inner organelles.

It 's name comes from the idea that they are the first instance of life that originated the animals. Still , they are unicellular , that use feeding and reproduction methods. They live in humid environments and sometimes grow and act as parasites. It 's the smaller animal kingdom and they are the foundations of our existence on earth.

Let 's go to the alignment. Sit comfortable , pose your eyes and concentrate in your breathing. I become aware of the space around me. The body that I inhabit on my own routines.

I use my imagination to expand this surrounding to the infinite , making it into a deep , dark void , in which I find myself as an immediate breath and very slowly. I start to stretch my body towards every direction , tearing the space around as if I am dancing. Softly , I start to come back to my body. Softly , I start to come back to myself in a fit-up position , tagging my legs , and if I ca n't move them , I have my body or hold my hands.

I recognize myself in this position as a seed , in the universe , as a seed of the universe , all three of us. And I feel within the power of potential to become a universe. And both me , I perceive a ray of light that surrounds my body. How this ray of light turns into a deep drop of water that the send is stored.

I can feel how this deep drop of water and light touches my head and starts to get inside by my crown chara. I perceive how this drop of water comes through the crown , the third eye , down by the throat , places , Saturn , root , instincts , and the angles. I can perceive how this drop of water is being absorbed by every organ , every muscle , bone , and skin. I can perceive from within the stores that lives in me , resounding with a cosmos , and I perceive the energy from inside.

That in me lives this trend to be who I am , being able to manifest in the mantra , here of myself , recognizing me in a sense , in feeling comfortable to be with myself. All of this brings me to the state of the being. It is the biggest one , the state of the well-being. I start to take deep breath , opening the seed , taking all this potential out by opening it , and the cutilladons of my legs and arms , letting the leaves rise my hands , the roots go down by my feet , expanding this eternal state of well-being.

Softly , my arms extend as branches , my fingers as leaves and flowers , and my legs go down to the ground , and my feet roots , and I expand myself in this huge tree of life and the universe. And extending my branches and my roots , I feel both in touching , creating the shape of a tourist. A tourist of eternal well-being. I feel both in touching , creating the shape of a tourist.

I feel both in touching , creating the shape of a tourist. I am the eternal origin. I am the eternal origin. I have the well-being in me.

I have , I have , I have. I take a deep breath , and each one at some time come back here and now. Those who follow in the task for this month bring all this energy into the water and through it. Thank you everybody for having accompanied me another week.

I am the eternal origin.