Hi everyone , how are you? Good morning , good afternoon , good evening. Another day connecting only a few days before we end in 2020. So we have around four other days for another global tragedy , maybe to happen.

Just a joke. According to me , this is , this has been the best year for the planetary consciousness. So if I make some heavy jokes someday , but I have so many planets in the house of Scorpio that kind of I needed. So let 's go to the topic for today , which is the continent of Oshima.

So let 's go to understand Oshima. Usually , we say this to this continent Australia , but it 's not Australia. Australia is a country. It 's a country which is in Oshima.

But the thing is that the biggest part of Oshima is Australia , which is like this kind of continent island that is so big and it 's only for one country that we usually put the name to the continent. We use the name of the country to say the name of the continent. But it 's not like that. Because Oshima holds many other islands which are around in the area.

This big island , we usually call it like a continent , but it 's not a continent. It 's kind of a big island. It 's a big island that the dozen whole many things. For example , when we say continent , continent means that contains things.

Okay? So it contains stuff. So like Europe , that contains many shapes and principles and so on. But this continent does n't hold many things.

Only one great island. And a second island , smaller one , that is called Tasmania. So this big island and this other tiny island are the country of Australia. And Australia is called like this because in Latin it means the land of the South , okay?

Just the Austral land. So the continent of Oshima starts in the Indian ocean in the islands of Locos Island , Locos Island and Christmas Island. And from there , it goes to the whole island of Australia , Tasmania , New Zealand. And above we have Papua , which is divided into these two islands , these two parts of Papua would be a part in Indonesia than the other half in Papua , New Guinea.

And from there , it follows to Salmon islands , Vanuatu , Salmon Islands , Vanuatu , Fiji , and it end up in Samoa. So all this continent with all this islands is the Organic continent. So this territory would represent the Scrum chara of the planet. And is the Scrum representing the kidneys , the womb , for the woman , the Evernodlands , all this region of Potentially.

So remember that this continent is related to the creativity. Well , the Scrum chara is related to the creativity , is about the arts , is about the power , the absorption of nutrients to create energy to create power. So that would be the representation of the creation. So we are not talking about the Pacific Osman , in this territory , the limits of the continent are the countries that I said.

And inside this continent , we have also other islands and other countries like Tonga , New Way , what was the other one? New Caledonia , Norfolk Island. We have all these territories there , but they are not from there , they are inside of Oceania. So the rest of the islands that I did n't say they are outside , they are in the Pacific Osman.

So today in the block , I explained what why this continent represents the axis. So I will explain a little bit of why it is , but then you can check it in the block. So as I said , this continent of Shiny is basically called like this because it 's surrounded by oceans and most of it is under the ocean. So that 's why Oceania , all the islands that are connected to this continent are precisely that , I also islands that are surrounded by oceans and seas.

So the only part of the of Oceania that is not in touch with the ocean , with the seas is the center of Australia , which is a very dry continent , very big desert , one of the biggest deserts of the world after the Share in Africa. So and in the center of Australia of this desert , we find Olu-lu , Olu-lu is the biggest rock , the biggest tone in the whole planet. So Olu-lu , the center of this big island , is also called by some people Layers rock , okay , but I would n't call it like this to hold the energy , the real energy of this place because Layers rock is the name that the discover the person that discovered the rock , the explorer who saw it first , he called that called the rock on behalf of the Prime Minister of Australia in 1873 , which is which his surname was Layers. So he called that Layers rock , so I rather not to call it like this.

It 's better to call it Olu-lu , which is the name that the native ones , the Analog people from that territory , is the right name , how they call it. So the axis of this ancient world relates to the natural rock world , is Olu-lu , and is this big part that is in the center of this island , the big island of Australia , and it represents the axis of the ancient world. And just besides it , you have another formation that is called Kataduta , which is the temple to prepare yourself to go into the axis. So let 's go to see how this continent was populated thousands and thousands of years ago.

So first of all , let 's remember , we humans came from Africa and from Africa , we went to the Middle East , from there to Asia , and from Asia , we started to spread in three directions to Europe , to Australia through the region of Indonesia , and above to Siberia , crossing to the Americas. Let 's remember about this geography. In that time thousands and thousands of years ago around 100,000 years ago , Asia and Australia were connected as one. There were only a few streams of water crossing from the Indian Ocean towards the Pacific Ocean , in between the islands of the southwest , southwest , Papua and Timor.

These three regions were the only ones through where the water would flow , but they were so tiny that anyone from Asia could just use some woods and cross to the island in front. And that time , Australia and Papua were only one. They were connected. So it was really easy for the people to move to Australia and to Asia very easily.

The islands of Papua were also connected to Solomon Islands , Genus and the rest of the islands. They were so close one another , and this is because the water in the oceans were very low because of the locations in that time. The thing that changed everything was the explosion of the Tuba volcano in Sumatra Island. This explosion , it was 70 to 70,000 years ago , and that created basically the biggest change of our humanity.

This change of geography was because this explosion covered the whole world in ashes for a long time. It created a bigger glaciation and activated the chain of fire , the ring of fire of the Pacific Ocean. So that made all the volcanoes that were connecting the lands of Indonesia started to erupt and it broke the all the region in different islands that separated the Asia from Australia. This movement of this great conflict created in Sumatra made humans to to migrate way south and east from towards Australia and the islands of the Pacific Ocean and the other ones went up to Siberia and going to to the Americas all to try to go away from this mess that was created in Tuba.

So this made that people instead of just living , instead of just living about collecting fruits in the forest and so on , what they had to do was to adapt to all the animals to create tools to find agriculture. So this made humans to begin to think. They needed to find the new tools in order to survive. And this is why this volcano was basically the creation of the human , the homosuppeon sapiens.

So it was very important. So I 'm not speaking about aliens today. I 'm speaking all about what happened with the humans. That 's it.

Because of this change of weather and so on , Australia got separated from the islands of Indonesia. And all the people from Indonesia kept going towards the islands to Salmon , to Vanuatu , to Fiji , then they went to Tahiti , French Polynesia , Rape Nui , Easter Island and then they went to Chile and South America. And way far in the time , they populated also New Zealand. One of the latest places that 's been populated.

But they started to spread in the Pacific Ocean. But these people since 60,000 years ago , they populated Australia and no one touched them for thousands of years. They were there. All quiet , no changes , nothing , because no one would arrive to the island.

No one would touch the desert. So that 's why they found that their power was not to sail the shores and the seas through the islands , but to survive in the desert. So for thousands of years , these people survived in the desert. Because nobody would come to Australia to invade because it was the most dangerous land.

Everything can kill you there. So no one would touch the island because crocodiles , the poisonous beings in the animals , in the sea , the poisonous beings in the land. No one could cross the outback. So it was impossible for them for anyone to get to the sense or of this continent.

So they were in the fortress , like protected by nature. So now we go to our brothers and sisters. So here , when these people arrived to Lulu , they saw its portal of two spirals coming down and the people from the play it is on our tours , they gave to these people the task to understand that everything has a logic , that the universe taught how the universe worked. And by doing that , they gave them a task , a mission , which was you have to hold.

You have to hold this balance , this power by music , by singing. So by vibration , you could maintain the access while the whole world is going to be created. So while the rest of the humans were traveling around the world , connecting to each other , fighting each other , they were creating cultures and everything around in the planet. The different languages , countries , civilizations , everything , it was like the gestation of the world , all around everything moving constantly.

So the people from Australia were in miles in the center , pulling the movement of everyone , as everyone was moving around and transforming everything around , the Australian people by singing , they were holding the access of that creation. So that 's why they have been in touch. In touch , they would n't move , they were alone in the center , not transforming at all. So approximately around 50,000 years , the Australian people , they were the same , not changing anything until the British came.

So what happened , what is the information here , that while the population of Australia was holding this access , stabilize , the whole world could move around , transforming itself , creating. So that 's why it 's thanks to them that we were able to create. So one important word to correct about this , because I 've heard that we usually call them like this , these people are not aboriginal. They are originals.

Original means that they are the origin ones , the original ones , they are from the place , they are connected to the origins. Yes , the word ab origin is a name in Latin that the people from Europe used to catalogue , these people , saying that they does n't have origin. So ab origin means that they have no place that they are not original from anywhere , that they are not divine basically. So that 's why it 's better if we use original people than aboriginal people.

So Australia , New Zealand , they have the purpose of holding the access of the origin. And this is why those territories are the lands where humans have been originals from the beginning and also those countries are the last ones on being populated by the civilization that we have today. Along all that time , they were only the same people holding the access. When this continent reminds us , it reminds us about the energy of creation.

It reminds us about the room. So all the cells that join together to create a new self in the zero degree in the access , the center of the power. And from there , it starts to create life. So this is the generator of the energy.

For a wheel to spin , it needs an axis in the center. So the generator of the energy to create the generator of the generator of energy to create in a whole planet moves all the energy around the world and the axis the center is Australia , oceania. So we have to remember that in our kidneys , in our adrenal glands , in our wounds , we have connected the machine that creates the energy of the world , which is oceania. Let 's go to the information.

The vibration for today is the stained for today is I am the breathe sky. The code for today is the unconscious. In the great ocean exists different currents called hard-fast or calm ones that move the waters and beings propellant them in specific directions , molding its forms with their tides. The second conscious narrows is the one that bolts us into what we are.

The one that boosts us with others , with others into doing living , feeling , seeing and caring with us , the information of a group , and forces us for the first time to fulfill a purpose on a specific direction. Let 's go to the line. Let 's go into this. See the comfort of all the concentrate in your breathing.

I remember that my body represents the whole animal kingdom and through my path , I help them to find the consciousness and the light on them. I remember that I am seated on my eye on an asia , observing the continent below me , and in the horizon , the light blue and the white lights connecting to the celestial skies. Take a deep breath , hold into the eye on me with me. Take a deep breath and start to move hand.

Towards the south , watching the islands appear and I follow the islands. I see the great cilantro , followed by a hub. The valley , and all the group of different islands , heading towards the east , like Timor , pointing to the island after dragging. Pour , moved to the staring into my eyes.

I perceive the soul of this island with its small tongues. In the rain forest , holding within the registry , all the different ethnicities , the lifting this island and its spread towards the Pacific Ocean in South America. I breathe all these humans within me in my inner memory. As I turn to the south , I see a colorful path under the water.

The biggest chain of corals , creating the lives of an enemy in the rest of the world. In the sky , blue and up towards the celestial horizon , I see the big desert of Australia , with its beautiful and shiny color red. The big mountains covered in white , shaped in the beautiful and the New Zealand. In the world , the beautiful path of islands surrounding the continent.

There are 18,000 lives of Mexico , saving ethnicities for the great I feel myself surrounded by a garden of his horizons. With many flowers made up of pearls. And all of them find the heart. The centre in the red desert surrounding my oceans.

And young into the path of the way the sun towards the hourglass. I see these two snakes of light coming down to a breach of rainbow towards the portal on the ground. Take you to the red , as you descend through this rainbow to the top of this portal. I see these two snakes of light coming down to the bottom of the portal.

I see these two snakes of light coming down to the bottom of the portal. I see these two snakes of light coming down to the bottom of the portal. I see these two snakes of light coming down to the bottom of the portal. I see these two snakes of light coming down to the bottom of the portal.

I am the breeder 's time. I see these snakes of light coming down to the bottom of the portal. Take a deep breath and begin to bring all this information through your body , to raise the stretching until you come back here in your own time. I see these snakes of light coming down to the bottom of the portal.

I see these snakes of light coming down to the bottom of the portal. Thank you everybody for being there as always.