Hi everyone , good morning , good afternoon , good evening and welcome all of you to our month of Turns. So as always , let 's begin today with two explanations for the new people. Why we are beginning the month of Turns today and the second one , what is Turns? So to begin , the reason why we begin today with the month of Turns is because in this path we are not following the astrology , need astronomy.

We are not following the astrology , the tribunal astrology , need the cedar astrology. We are not following that. We are following the calendar of the planting culture that divided the year in 12 months of 30 days each beginning the year in the moment when the star of serious rises in the horizon for the first time , which for this year was August 4 , 2020. So that 's why we started 30 days , 30 days , 30 days , 30 days , and that 's why we today begin our month 10 , which is for Turns.

In the engine times , the month were not called as the Turns or areas. They were called with the numbers , with the position of the month and all the culture behind it. But because we are moved by this constellation mostly in this month , we named it like that , like the month of Turns. I remind you also that , even if we use the names of astrology and astronomy when we call the constellation of Turns , also we are not talking about the constellation and the stars in the constellations can affect us.

We are talking about which moment is the earth going through , because in astrology , astronomy is not the stars that affect us. We name the stars according to what we live on earth. And this is why we are going to describe Turns not because of the constellation , but because what happened on earth when we see that constellation. So this take us to try to understand what is the energy of Turns.

So we can understand a little bit what will be the energy of this entire month. So to understand Turns , we can say that Turns is a symbol of earth. Turns is the second house related to the matter , the comfort , the hard work to get all the things that we need to live , like eating , sleeping , pleasure. So it 's all about the wealth , it 's about having what we need , about having love , is the symbol of the house , the home.

So it 's all the tangible things , all the things that you can handle , you can touch. And this is why it 's related with the matter , with being rich , with the comfort and all those things that are related to the ground and this reality. Also remember that in this part of the AM that we are doing , we have 12 months to 12 signs that are detached in three groups of four. So the first four months for signs were for the spirit , the next four signs were for the soul.

And since April , since the month of areas , we are in the body , in the four of the body. So these four are the four elements. So today we begin the element of earth related to the body , of our path. So today the beginning was really beautiful in the pyramid , because I was inside the pyramid singing and talking with the masters behind the sarcophagus and tourists came and a lot of people were inside the chamber and they they started to hear , of course the singing and so on.

So they sit , they sit , sat down there and and they joined the meditation and they were connecting to with the sounds. So so there was perfect was amazing. So today it was like feeling at home , really in the pyramid. So today , when I was in the pyramid connecting three entities appeared to kind of say that or express that they will guide our weeks , our three weeks during this whole month.

And and I felt the presence of set up is day that is said , it will be in the mind. So this week , the second week was for Happy , Happy will be and the third week will be Vita for the body. So this is the first month that three entities like this appears to say that will be guiding a process. So I do n't know how it 's going to be.

So I will begin to explain the topic for today , just introducing these three entities that will be helping in this month. So first of all , I would like to remind you who are these beings. Because for some of you , maybe these names will sound like names of the gods Egypt , for that 's the most common. Also , you can hear about them , like ascended masters and for sure , a few would have heard them as priests or priestess from Atlanta time.

So about this , I want to clarify one thing. It 's not that they are one person , only one person. Is that they represent an archetype of information that they embraced entire information of the concepts that they were , of many teachings. So the people that were kind of teaching about them were anchoring the concept of those attributes or archetype.

So it 's not that there is only one master that is called with one name , is that many masters along history has been absorbing or representing that energy , incarnation that entity. So I want to say this just before we start to explain. So why are they in our week of tourists? Seraphim be , altar , capita.

So we 'll see the name of Seraphim be starting by this. I 'm not going to explain about the master , I will explain about the origin , which is user hat. User hat is the name of user means of series , is the name of siris. And hat is the name of the bow.

So user means the one that is eternal , because is eternity or series is the god of eternity and hat is the god of transcendence , which is the torus , the bow. And bay is the name of is an name from solid. So user hat bay , bay meaning governor , meaning the one that rules. All together means the governor of the eternal transcendence.

This is why Seraphim be is known as the master of ascension. So here in Egypt , so basically all this symbol is for a bow. So let 's go to the to the reason why Seraphim be is a bow. It 's not the person is the bow itself for an ancient tradition.

So why it is a bow? Because even here in sakura we have sarcophagus and tombs that was for bulls specifically , not for humans , because they were incarnation the code of Seraphim bay , so they were treated like gods on earth. But why? So to understand why the bull was so sacred , we have to go to the origin of agriculture.

When we started to be , when we started to be sent into our civilization , our cultures , we discovered agriculture. So we started to work with the agriculture. One of the first animals that was domesticated was the bull , because the bull was really useful to carry the plow and to sow the seeds. It did a lot of hard work and helped many families to have food , to have wealth , security.

So we ever had a bull , it would represent wealth for the family. So they established security in the people , they established transcendence of the families because they were able to repeat the cycle again next year. So they had food , they had tranquility , they had many things that were really good because of the bull. So the bull was a symbol.

So the bull also gave flesh , not only meat , not only because they could eat the bull , but because they were breeding with the cows. So they could have the meat and so on. So it was a symbol of wealth , like all the attributes of our month of tourists , is all the wealth , it 's all the comfort , the tranquility of having food and all the things that we need to survive. So eventually when we started to build temples , when we started to to create a civilization , the bull of course was a symbol of transcendence.

A bull was the symbol of eternal life. It was something that helps us to keep being where we are. So the bull was a very quiet and peaceful animal that had a lot of strength that helped in the fields to grow the crops and this is that the people interpret the bull as a very important animal that represented ascension transcendence and the eternity of the culture. So they took all the attributes of the bull and made it into divinity.

And that 's how the bull became something divine. So along all Middle East from Persia , the value of the Indo in Pakistan and India , the Nile here in Egypt , all the Mediterranean islands , all the territories , and all the and so on. The bull was considered like the one bringing that the the peace , the continuation of the civilization. So it was very , very important for everyone to understand the transcendence of the cultures.

This was why it was called the governor because it was the symbol that ruled over the nations. That 's why it was called Bay , the governor. So of course that eventually when the age of torus ended and the age of areas began , the idea of the torus was changed. So for all the people in the Mediterranean sea , the torus was the symbol of the old traditions of the all empires that were ruling and dominating over the other populations.

So the traditions in the Middle in the tyrannians , they started to be too killed the bull because if you , they took the attributes of the bull like being brave and have strength and going against something. So they took this idea and that the bull represented all the empires that they were against. So like Egypt , like Babylonian , like Persia. So they started to do this ceremony in which the public spaces , they killed the bull , they faced the bull like representing.

We are going over the other cultures that were controlling us and this is a new time. So all these traditions of the Mediterranean sea against the bull kept going the time. And that 's why even today we can see some traditions with the bull in Greece , in Spain and in Spain took it to Mexico and Colombia and so on. Against that idea of the tower of Maria , I do n't know how to say English , that we have day in ancient times , the bull was seen as a symbol of fertility and a symbol of of divinity.

So that 's why the priest that took or embody the aspects of the holy bull was called Seraphim Bay. And this is how we get the masters. So with Seraphim Bay , what we are going to do is to work in the mental aspects of the bull. Hadhur significant la casa de la luz , had casa hur luz , la casa de la luz , had comes from had.

Had means the house of light. Had meaning house and hur meaning light. So hadhur is the name of the one that holds the light within. Hur gives the name of hur luz , which is the Egyptian god , the falcon , the hawk.

So hadhur is the one that protects the light of holes , the consciousness itself. And the symbol is a house with a falcon , a hawk inside. But the incarnation , the body of Hadhur is a cow because cow is the one that protects the one that gives the milk , the one that make the families to keep going to leave. So the cow was sacred also.

So this hadhur , the cow is related with the mother , the mother of the skies. This is why the tradition says that the cow was the one that gave birth to creation , taking care their kids , babies , by giving all this milk around in the cosmos. And that 's why we call the stars , the milk eat way , the milk eat way. It 's basically a pathway to milk.

So because of this tradition of the cow. And here we can see how the sun , the light , is inside that house because all the stars are around the sun. So this is like the little house with the hawk within , which is all the stars and the constellations surrounding the sun. Is the caring mother , the one that takes care of everyone , even the sun.

So here we have that heather is the mother that takes care. So is this soul. So here we have the bull already and the cow. And the god pta is a very complicated god because it 's a dark one , it 's a dark master , but is the one in charge of creation.

Is the one that manifests that the matter in this reality. So is the one that makes all the physical things exist according to the Egyptian tradition pta. Here we have the frames so you have it. Okay.

As always the first day of the month is a little bit longer because I try to explain the of the whole thing. We begin today with the first topic explained by the energy of Siddapis Bay , which we 'll start this week with the topic of the source. The second week we 'll be starting with the home explained from the energy of heather and the third week will be the topic of temple and how to build a temple according to pta. And I should mention that I have no idea how we 're going to do it.

So let 's begin with the topic for today which is the source. So the source talking about the source , we are not going to speak about the source from the spiritual point of view that we usually know the source because usually when we speak about this in spirituality it 's like the source from the origin of things in the spiritual way. But because we are in Turns we are going to talk about this in another way in another point of view. We 're going to talk about source but first let 's think about the idea of a phone tame.

Phone tame is the same origin as when they 're in Spanish and we can relate that to different ways of understanding a phone tame. So we have here the word found or found tame comes from them in the European language that means to flow. Flow which gives us two words. Find this meaning flow of water and find this from this that means to melt materials.

So this are two of the ways of seeing this. But the word source in English the word source in English comes from soup reg. Which is soup under and reg means rule line. So under the line.

So the source means something that is below the things that you see the loss that you follow. So it 's the origin of all those lines because it 's under that is holding them. That 's why source is the idea of what is under the rules under the creation itself , the lines , the ones that are rolling. So before we understand the idea of source , remember something that we have spoken many times that everything begins with only one thing that decides to divide into projects themselves into and then repeats the system and repeats the system and it starts to multiply itself by two all over once again , once again.

Created network. I say that this dot here is the one that originates the rest , divide in itself , creating this two and then multiply and multiply and multiply by many. When we expand this creation and suddenly we say , I want to know where I come from. I start my path to seek for the source , the source of all things , which we call also the origin.

Origin comes from the word , Ode , that means place , is a mountain mountain and again that means give birth. Give birth. So Ode again is the place where the things and light or things get burned and get our border. Hmm.

That 's the origin. So that 's why when we reach the origin , we try to go to the place where everything was given birth to go there. So now try to take a look into something very simple. Look yourself in the mirror and think you are made up with millions of cells , millions of cells.

So when you try to look for the origin , which of those cells is the first one or the original. The first one that was one cell and divided into by my areas , where are they? Can you find it? So now when these start to divide by two and by two , by two and they start to multiply one again , one again , one again , one again.

So the original cell does n't exist anymore because the original cell has been divided into , it was divided into. And then in four and then in eight and so on. So suddenly there 's no original cell. Suddenly all the cells had the information of the first one.

So as you see here , whether it is for meiosis or mitotic , the body , every cell has the original information. This is why the cells can die and regenerate again many thousands times. So now to get the idea equal like the cells. This center here , the first one , is not that it has been projected to the outside creating two more besides this one here.

What really happens is that this one here was divided into. And this one here was divided in four and then it was divided in eight. You see? So this is what we have been trying to understand all this time.

That is not that there is someone or something that creates into the outside something new. It 's not that something is created outside. It 's the same being divided itself by many thousands of them. Millions.

And this is why there is no creator that creates something. It 's a creator that creates itself. And we are tiny little parts of that creation of that creator. We can say that we are fruit with many seeds.

The same image that we can have is like having one fruit with many seeds inside. And then one of those seeds goes into the ground and takes roots and leaves and branches and then creates a tree that gives more fruits exactly the same as this one. So this is how we can understand now that the source is not in a place in the universe. The source is everywhere in every tiny little part of existence.

So this means that all the oranges in the world are part of the same being which is called orange. And it does n't matter how many trees there are how many oranges in the world they are. The seeds inside of them will have the information for the whole to create new oranges. So this means that the source is within.

So we usually make like a romantic idea of the source. Same the sources within you. You have our of creation. You have the the strength to do all the things.

You have all the potential. And that 's true. That 's true. Because every little aspect of yourself has information of the source.

So this takes a idea that there 's no need to go into another world or levels of consciousness to try to understand or find the source. The way we can do it is by finding that source here in the reality in the matter. So the first topic regarding set up is the source and the task is to find not to find to recognize ourselves as seeds of the universe. So this is like like for those who love this like Star Wars.

I wrote about that today. This like in the Star Wars when they say may the force be with you. May the force be with you is not that the force is somewhere else. And you have to find the sources everywhere.

And there is some some places that with that they explained that the sources within that you have to fill it that you have to close your eyes and perceive it. And once you accomplish that you became a Jedi. And Jedi is also named in Hebrew , which is Shed. That means that means Almighty Almighty.

So that you have all the potentials within. So I will share with you the task for the entire month in order to activate this consciousness of the Almighty within. So what we are going to do the task for the entire month , the 13 days that we have , the task is to make something that for sure you have done at school , which is a germination. I do n't know how to say it in English exactly , but it 's to terminate to do a terminate with plants.

So what we are going to do is to find , so I 'm not going to explain how to make a terminate because you have a I explained it in the blog. And so you can find it in the internet. You can do it in you can do it on the glass or you can do it on a pot or whatever , not test. So what you have to do is to make the terminate with the seeds you choose and then what you will do is to to water those seeds within tensions of every alignment of every day during this month.

So we are going to see and take the seeds as if they are our own cells. So we can perceive how our intentions are growing physically. So we can put like tiny little papers with the words of our intentions for every day , written there with the seeds in the ground , in the soil. We can just steam and talk to them.

But we are going to do is to manifest physically all the intentions for this month. In the blog I explained specifically how you can do it , so I put some examples there of some plants that grow in 30 days at least or 40 , 50 days , but mostly in 30 days you will see a result that you can eat. Why? Because our goal is to eat that , to take the energy that we manifested outside.

So taking the seeds like the cells and then we grow them with our vibration , with our intention and then we eat them at the end of this month. Whatever they have given , we just eat it , even if it is like this. So this week we 'll be to manifest the source here and now. What we are going to do is to feel an experience the manifestation of the source.

Today we change with our intention and statement , the vibration sorry for this week. So the vibration for today will be Was. The statement for today is I am the universal bring jane. The statement for today is I am the universal bring jane.

The statement for today is I am the universal bring jane. The goal for today is Antarctica. In the South extreme of the planet , frozen continent , the Antarctica , has the geological shape of an organ that represents a brain with its cerebellar and spine in its peninsula. This way , it 's the earthly manifestation of the crown chara of the universe.

In its eyes , the neurons are recorded , the information of all history from the beginning. The memory of the earth and all that lives in it , the thoughts of the world live in its water and crystals. So today we use another music , a new music. I hope you like it , so thank you , Gina and team for making this beautiful song for those who have heard it.

For sure , it 's really nice and well , this music will be with us doing this whole month. And it 's in part in the Awake News. I become aware of the space that surrounds me , recognizing it , imagination , a deep , dark space in which I find myself living , living in , I breathe. I feel the peace here , floating , and to perceive that peace , I start to move slowly.

Recognizing the limits of the space around , stretching the body , moving softly. I see fire , we ca n't. A young , I relax the body , a cycle sees myself as a fire flying in the clouds , floating , using the cloth I feel his When I recognize my body as a seed , if I can , I can position myself like a baby. Hanging my legs like a seed , as much comfort of all you can feel.

You can take your hands if you want. You can just hug yourself if you can not move your legs. Take a deep breath. I see in this sky a light coming towards me , the light of my spirit.

I need to sense the palm in the shape of a drop of water that it arrives to my crown , watering in this chara , and drop of water light. I absorb this water and light with much love smiling. And this drop that is absorbed with all the love with a smile reminds me. And will of grow acknowledging that within me lies the source of the universe.

I become aware that I am a seed for the universe. Because of this racing , I have within the potential , the source to create a new one. I set the intention to expand the source of potential , so my seed can create this new reality. So I can feel , try to take a deep breath , how from my crown chara , a tiny little leaf emerges.

With my hands , I accompany this leaf rising from my crown. I feel my feet turning into roots to the ground. When my arms and legs starts to open softly of a seed , letting go out all my inner potential. The manifested source.

I expand my arms as branches , my fingers as leaves , and my legs as roots. I am expanding my crown chara , full with flowers , and I recognize myself as a tree. Nice. I am the universal origin.

And I have in me all that I need. I have , I have , I have. I have , I have , I have , I have , I have , I have. I take the breath.

And each one at its own time , come back here and now. I have , I have , I have , I have , I have , I have. Thank you everybody for being here another day and see you tomorrow at the same time as always.